emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any coffee	24	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my car back out	24	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	24	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want deez out	24	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want deez out Daddy	24	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	guys	guy	Target_Child	an de an dese guys do n't want any gum	32	10	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	32	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want it on	34	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	39	4	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	39	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on	39	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want them to steal it or do anything	46	12	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the toast for lunch	29	7	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	30	4	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tinkle	30	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta go on the noisy train	30	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta of my sneakers	30	8	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't I do n't want a	31	9	trail	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that page	31	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want ta play in my house	33	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play in my house	33	9	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no do n't write that one	32	10	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no and no I do n't want ta play it	32	11	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my paper	32	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	32	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm I do n't want ta build little blocks	34	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want baby	21	4	declarative	Bloom Eric	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	Awww we do n't Awww Awww we do n't want this	24	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	27	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water	28	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	how I do n't want a toffee apple	28	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Cubees is finish	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oy no I do n't want	29	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want put it on	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nothing else	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I wan na I I do n't want my blue baby blue puzzle	31	13	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want do n't like	32	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bububububububu	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one now	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sharks	shark	Target_Child	the fish the sharks do n't want sharks do n't eat fish do they	34	14	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want books	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want get dressed	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	34	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want too	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a sandwich	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	34	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go again	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it snapped	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want I want nobody to to have cake on my party	35	16	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this a long time	35	10	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and we do n't want the smoke to come in Jwww 's bedroom	35	13	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	but they wo n't we do n't want come up to come in my bedroom do we	35	17	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I do n't want green one	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want the	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wan na play castle	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this piece	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want nothing	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	do you do we you do n't want	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this lego	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any bananas	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	why I do n't want it in a plate	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want the piece there	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it there	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Awww to come	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want I do n't wan na go to school	36	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want D Awww to come here	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I just want I just wan na read the little book	36	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't like pur I do n't want purple ones	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want Jwww to hurt off Jwww 's bike	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want me to	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it twist it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to twist it	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want you do n't	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	you do n't want me to go in that web do I	36	12	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some breakfast	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	why did he why did n't why did he do n't want why did he wan na stay in the jungle	36	21	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it to cut it	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some medicine	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chew chew	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you giving me white medicine	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want I wan na put this one away	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I like I do n't like kissing	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I no I I do n't want I want stay with you do n't I	36	17	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all of that	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do it	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the green one in here	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want some cake	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go anywhere	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want read nothing	36	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to read it	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	but I want I do n't want a pizza	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a belt on	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want him	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to go	37	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	37	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to be dead do you	37	10	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want his boots	37	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want coat	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it you	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want temperature	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want breakfast	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it uh	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my drink	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want	24	8	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all them	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	a do I do n't want it	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the Play Doh	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want it	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do I do n't want Play Doh do n't want it	24	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want it	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do that bit	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want anything	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want The Lonely Wasp	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	24	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah no I do n't want it	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't like it	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to put my jacket on	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my jacket on	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to put my jacket on	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bee	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh no Mum I do n't want that	25	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange one	25	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do n't want	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh do n't want look	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Zippy	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that baby	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	26	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sing it	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want numbers of teeth	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a tuna+fish sandwich	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any tea	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want brush teeth	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do the	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want s see it	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the stone	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want milk	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chicken	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want nice chicken	27	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want poo poo	28	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want on	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	28	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cheese	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you eating in it	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	29	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one yet	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want my stick	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	29	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	30	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	30	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more	30	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want I do n't want that	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want give Happy sweetie	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a stool like this or like that	32	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do	32	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chicken	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it here	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	33	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want that one any more	33	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that do I	33	7	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the hairband	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want a potato waffle	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it all	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	33	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lots	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want potato waffle	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want an do n't want any more	33	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bobble	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Teddy	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it cut	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pencil	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Spot	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to shout at me	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your help	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want need	35	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the plate	35	6	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want egg	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want words	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anydhal	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a big long one	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want your magazine	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a banana	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any of those	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jelly	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na do the guitar	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it to	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two of them	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want seven	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a picture done	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wanted it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na come to your house	36	13	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cream	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the cut biscuit	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Daddy	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Mummy I do n't want	36	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want you to come to our tea+party	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na brush my hair	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it in small squares	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want you to	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to put her shoes on	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do yo	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want too much	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to go	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to come here now	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cheese in my omelette	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any um tomatoes in	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rings	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cardigan	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cardigan	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want muesli	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want medicine	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that penguin	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a peanut	36	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I I do n't want any crisps	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cheese strip	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a plate	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a yoghurt	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want tins to eat	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your splashing	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one down	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ready+brek	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ready+brek	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	e	e	Target_Child	e do n't want this	27	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want stamps	32	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a go em	33	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I de I do n't want it	34	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Dairylea sandwich	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any jam on that one	37	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on there	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this cheese	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more letters	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these bit	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want too	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want see anybody doing it	38	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any help	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any anything	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you do it	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to put them on again	38	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the beans	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the potty	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a lift	38	6	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he do n't wants to	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hair	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cats	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	careful do n't want a drop it	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want them here do we	39	9	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that to eat no	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this bit	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those flowers inside there	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a paper	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	39	4	self	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that that horse	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me banging a big door	40	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want any rubbish jumping up and down	40	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	40	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it anymore	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it upside down again	40	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	40	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	40	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want the other cheese	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want it	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want them cut up	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do want it	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cut up	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want a tree cutting on that	41	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lawnmower	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want my straps	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want drawing	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some lunch	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to see me	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two telephones	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a collect a letters today	41	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like I do n't want my straps on now	41	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	41	4	self	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat that	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this piece of bread	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that pencil	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to share	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it you want it stop you do there	41	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to get a now	42	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a choc coin because I 'm ill	42	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want one because I just got one	42	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want those do we	42	7	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to do that	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anymore	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a story	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to shout at me	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want you to shout at me	43	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to give me a fright	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want anymore of this	43	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a drink	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	44	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mummy I do n't want it in the book	44	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a tape	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want this	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to play with me later	44	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want you to touch it because you might get in my big knife	44	17	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no do n't want it	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy but I do n't want a bath	44	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I just do n't want it	45	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	just do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	45	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you moving my	45	7	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want him near my garden	46	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that I do n't want that	46	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	46	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the cheese I want this apple	46	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the pants on	47	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you to look though Mum	47	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want any noise	47	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	47	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore of this	47	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	48	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	but they do n't want it	48	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a grubby table for tea time	48	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want milk	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you remember why I do n't want milk	48	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you in my pool	49	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	49	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	49	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now I do n't want cheese	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want to read it yet	50	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything	50	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the pictures either	50	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want one	50	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's yours I do n't want this smelly old thing	50	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	um	um	Target_Child	that um do n't want him again	50	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	51	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to play with the rug	51	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hm juice I do n't want any of them	51	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want that building knocked down again	52	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	52	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want shoes	52	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want anymore of it anyway	52	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	52	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want you to do them	52	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you sit down	52	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you talking to me	52	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	53	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything else now	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything else	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't Mummy I do n't want any milk of milk	53	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	53	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything to drink	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	how do I get out when it 's and I do n't want it to make a mess	53	18	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Jeannine have a cup of tea	53	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the um wheels squeak if I put some oil in	54	14	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	54	3	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this little one	54	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	54	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a spoon	54	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	55	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	55	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	55	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	um I bet you do n't want him drinking whisky	55	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any jam on the crust	56	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	56	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want any more do you Daddy	56	9	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tea	56	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no and and I do n't want that	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want I do n't I do n't like Buzz Lightyear	56	13	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	that 's just where they put the rubbish we do n't want	56	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it so long	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	57	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it there in my railway because then buffers there	57	13	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any breakfast	57	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want that lot	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	58	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want that much	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my nails cutting	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want me to	58	6	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want those	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because because I do n't want it all fit on	58	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want cereal	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want any discos	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want want	59	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to write anymore	59	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wanted a pic	59	5	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want wrapping paper on the floor	59	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want wrapping paper	59	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that to go in the cooker	59	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any lunch	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it to split up on you	59	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I said I do n't want something to eat	59	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	um you just go and then like that when you do n't want any more reversing	59	16	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to make	26	7	trail	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my microphone on	28	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	28	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want da lady up here	28	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want do go a bed	33	9	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my back	31	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat	33	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	let me that that pelicopter I do n't want it	31	10	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want anything	31	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it like dat	33	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him	33	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want him in here	33	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I duh I do n't want camper	26	7	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	why you do n't do n't want it in the butter	36	11	question	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I do n't want tell quick story night	38	13	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want I do n't know	40	10	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my baby tiger	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want money	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my Daddy	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a poo	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my toys out	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want later	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bumpy road	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	car	car	Target_Child	car do n't want go in	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the caravan	29	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	29	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the baby tiger bridge	29	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little jelly on top cake	30	10	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a jelly cake	30	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do it on the seat	30	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him stand on the cab	30	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go in	30	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that in	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the rest the caravan	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a big one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wee	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want a drink	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two balls	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want make a little person	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want make a puzzle	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want sit on the mat	31	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a door	32	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him that	33	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him in there	33	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	23	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	26	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my books	29	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want sticky bun today	29	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	30	3	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my chewing+gum	30	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the road now	30	7	question	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my medicine now	31	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	31	3	interruption	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it burny do we	32	8	question	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big boy	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big boy	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these toys any more	33	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want put in there	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the Little hippo again	33	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these	34	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these boring pictures	34	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these boring pictures	34	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want flower	25	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	25	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	25	4	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a door	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Mummy	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want write my ideas	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want write ideas	28	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	28	4	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play with Anna	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this	29	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want those	29	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy to help me	30	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that anymore	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to do that	30	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my dinner	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	31	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nothing	31	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	32	3	interruption	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be	33	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dolly	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those to go to bed with her	33	11	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to	33	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to go to work	34	9	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to make something different	34	9	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to cry	34	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this	25	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	man	man	Target_Child	man do n't want Gail 's bin+bag	26	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dolly	30	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	30	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	self	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want soup	32	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with my toys	32	8	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want purple	33	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yellow ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my birthday here	34	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	trail	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	27	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cup of tea	27	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that chips	27	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that house	28	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do that	29	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want that on my ears	30	11	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want some	30	5	self	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some milk	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some milk	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eggs	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it Mum	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eggs	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	31	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	31	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it fast	31	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want mine	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want mine	32	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in up	32	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and we do n't want	33	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you	33	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nuts	33	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to Mummy	33	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want these	33	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	33	5	trail	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat	34	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	34	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the paper	35	6	interruption	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	why do you do n't want it	35	7	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall down on me do I	35	12	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want in there	26	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	John	John	Target_Child	John do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want I do n't want	30	6	declarative	Manchester John	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go in the zoo	32	8	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some lunch	33	6	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want choo choo choo choo house	30	9	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	and do n't want Mummy again	32	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy	32	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go back work	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dodie	20	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want teddy	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want train	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want away	21	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want nana	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the shed on	25	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Thomas	25	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	27	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want get it	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wipe	27	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want get beans	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want wee wee	27	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wee wee	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a crab	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the carwashed	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the carwashed	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this car	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wipes	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the wheels	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want the	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	31	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it card	31	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the big car	32	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it more	23	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	24	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it that	24	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	25	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want yellow	32	9	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my knickers	32	6	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want	32	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do you want one on a blue plate	32	11	question	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bubbles	34	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	23	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that please	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it doll	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sister	sister	Target_Child	sister do n't want cars	28	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one circle	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one circle	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cow	29	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want that one Nina	29	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want my foot	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sister	sister	Target_Child	sister do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I because I because I do n't want any more Mummy	30	12	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it yet go back	31	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that bit of off a train	31	10	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Duke	Duke	Target_Child	Duke 's do n't want play any more	31	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nina	Nina	Target_Child	because because Nina do n't want it	31	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in box	31	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play Mummy	31	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want monkey 's banana	32	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want	32	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you I do n't want you	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	32	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want that	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them toys	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that lorry	33	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it drive on me head	33	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Eioh	33	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	trail	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big car go under	34	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another tunnel	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	34	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	34	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some	34	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Winnie Pooh	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on there	34	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on my cars	34	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a hot water bottle	34	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you	34	4	trail	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a knife	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a pretty	34	5	trail	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play	35	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want that tuna	35	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want them	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want put them in the holes	36	9	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want lie down	25	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want lie down	25	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tidy	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the trousers	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these ones	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her close her	28	7	self	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want turn again	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it do it	29	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do tiger puzzle	29	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Anne	Anne	Target_Child	Anne do n't want one	29	5	trail	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want other drink	29	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play with these any more	30	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a lick	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	31	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want your dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want your soup	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want tea	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want the the dirty ones	33	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest out	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these ones in	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want them these ones	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want bricks on there	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the bricks on there	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want that	21	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	21	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no no no no	22	8	trail	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that elegator	27	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	29	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	trail	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want this	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want em in there	29	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my beebee	29	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Andreas to rip those	31	8	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want	31	8	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	27	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want this	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	this	this	Target_Child	this do n't want too	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	do n't want it do n't he	38	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want it anymore	38	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh do n't want some	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some Annie	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	his	he	Target_Child	his do n't want that anymore	38	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want to horse for nanny	38	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it just do n't want some	38	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tea bag in there	31	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tea bag cause cause we for the big one dry in it	31	15	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that plate	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	question	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want sweet	32	5	question	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	cat	cat	Target_Child	no my cat do n't want his lunch	35	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want anything in his mouth	35	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it out	45	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	45	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	39	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want I do n't want you to get these	39	10	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bath	31	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it there	38	5	declarative	Fletcher David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my kiss	36	5	declarative	Fletcher Kevin_C	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	cause they 're they 're all they are they are all do n't want	61	14	declarative	Fletcher Julie_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	62	5	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	62	6	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want running	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	it 's got a bit up cause we do n't want it standing on the roof	62	16	declarative	Fletcher Michael_H	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Claire_H	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them again cause there	36	8	declarative	Fletcher Natalie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Fletcher Robbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Emmy	Emmy	Target_Child	pizza Emmy do n't want eat it	22	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Emily do n't I do n't want this	22	8	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Emmy Emmy what 's the matter cause I do n't want go sleep get up	22	15	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want a water	22	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the blanket on	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blankets on	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blanket in	23	7	imperative_emphatic	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	23	4	trail	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in bed	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in bed	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the tiger	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything night night	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	24	4	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	every I do n't want	24	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my fall down	24	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the friends in my bed	24	9	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want it	25	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	28	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to run outside	28	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want her to	31	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Daddy go in here	31	7	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want	32	4	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want him batting at it	41	9	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah because I do n't want a lot of people arguing with the toys that people are playing with	43	19	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did not I do n't want it anymore	43	10	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh yeah but I do n't want it	57	8	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it inna my in my pocket	29	10	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in my pocket	29	8	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in my pocket	29	8	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want wear it	29	6	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want I do n't want them	32	7	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the rest of it	39	9	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want I do n't want dis to go in your mouth	31	15	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to go in mouth	31	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him here	31	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want any microphones	35	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any microphones	35	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	38	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	when you do n't want it spit it out in the garbage	39	12	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these do n't want those	29	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my grandpa Bunch	32	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	34	4	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that sock	34	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	34	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	maybe you do n't want that	38	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't know because I do n't want because he has funny nose	45	14	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	um hum I wan na I do n't want him have any nose	45	13	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a few	47	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na talk about this	50	12	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want them to move	50	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Karen to come	52	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mommy I do n't want Karen to come	52	9	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hunt prize I did n't win it I did n't win	52	16	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to guess	52	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to break though	54	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it out	54	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want this one	43	7	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you near my baby	29	8	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want Margaret 's milk	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any fresh milk	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want the scissors	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything on it	31	8	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it no	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the whipped cream	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any potato	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	31	4	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to do me	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	now Papa takes that out do n't want it	31	9	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any that kind I do n't like these	31	12	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want it cold	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want her feet warm	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want zat	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want zat	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want her sharp little claws brought out	31	10	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	18	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want sit in there	23	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the jam really	23	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want juice	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want spoon	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want butter	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want I want I want I do n't want eggs	25	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Jwww go out a meeting	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to get mine	25	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I get I do n't want you to get my napkin	25	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go	26	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want salt	27	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want that toast	27	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I really do n't want want have it	27	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	28	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your eggy	28	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I really do n't want it	28	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	because she do n't want	29	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want packet	30	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	somebody	somebody	Target_Child	somebody do n't want see my butt	30	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	somebody	somebody	Target_Child	somebody do n't want see my butt	30	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want a	31	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't have a I do n't want it	32	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	please but I do n't want my cheese in half	32	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another piece	32	6	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	36	5	trail	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my fork	37	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tell anybody want tell myself	37	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do want it but I do n't want my cod	37	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them but I like them	37	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	37	3	interruption	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	39	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that why I do n't want him to	39	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	39	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	39	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my flowers	41	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but maybe I do n't want it in my purse anymore	41	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my baby um	42	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that	42	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you seeing on your on the top of it	42	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to spill	43	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want	50	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want you to	50	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I need more bun	50	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to talk to me	50	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na keep that I do n't want that I want mine	50	15	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Mummy	Mummy	Target_Child	because Mummy do n't want girls are	50	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	51	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want my leaves	51	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest of mine	51	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this heart	51	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	51	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want to read	55	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tea to get cold	70	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want peels	22	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Deedee	Deedee	Target_Child	Deedee do n't want talk	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want seat belt on	23	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Lorine	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat it	23	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ticket	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want scary man pick me up	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Tiffany have	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Tiffany have my car	25	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	25	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want poo bathtub	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want burn my pee pee place	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair doned	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my face washed	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair brushed	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yours milk	26	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yours	26	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your milk in my cup	26	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bike parked	26	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you do it for me	26	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my pee pee place	26	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cradle	26	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want somebody see my bottom	27	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my bottom	27	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it like that	28	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my pishie place	28	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Devon frighten me	28	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want be shaked	29	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want get hit by he truck right	29	10	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want he hit me	29	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one eat my breakfast	33	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want anyone to bit me	33	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one to say this yucky	33	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	if somebody hit me I would say I do n't want be hitted	34	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want Peanuts to fight Katie do we	34	10	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Katie to come in because we let Peanuts in	35	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I like it but I do n't want it	35	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no no I do n't want no one to clean my face	37	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a grow a baby	38	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody to think I 'm a man	38	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	45	6	declarative	VanKleeck Amy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	44	5	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I think I do n't want you to do that	45	11	declarative	VanKleeck Graham	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't know I do n't want a cup	47	10	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that stuff	47	6	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that in there	35	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a prize	29	6	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want this book	33	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that book	33	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want that	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	trail	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that book	33	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to show me	30	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I mean they can but I do n't want you to do that	55	13	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it up there	30	7	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go	30	5	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in there	30	7	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want you write that	30	8	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I do n't wan na	30	10	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you put it up there	30	9	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want horsies	30	5	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want those	30	4	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play no more	30	8	declarative	Morisset Brandon	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Roger	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want it though	30	6	declarative	Morisset Ashley	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want something to drink	30	7	declarative	Morisset TJ	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Tonisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tonisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset Jeremy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat	30	6	declarative	Morisset Taisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta have it later	30	8	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta play with them later	30	8	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	trail	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play with the blocks	30	9	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta I do n't want ta play those on the floor	30	15	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want his	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	30	4	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cookie	30	6	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta fix it	39	7	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta stand up	30	7	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more juice	30	7	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me get wet	30	6	declarative	Morisset Jenny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want juice	30	5	declarative	Morisset Ty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Ty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in here	30	6	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in here	30	6	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	think it do n't want ta fit	30	7	declarative	Morisset Candice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my crackers	30	6	declarative	Morisset Candice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another cracker	30	6	declarative	Morisset Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Lisa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Morisset David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	Morisset John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want kleenex	27	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want hat from Mrs Wood	27	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him there	27	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	27	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cranberry juice	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do n't I my wipe the fork off	28	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake in my Maya	28	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the finger	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the finger	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put I do n't want on my other leg	28	14	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want take the pieces off	28	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go bed	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tickle	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the diaper off	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pajamas on	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed Momma	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want go in the bath+tub	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't he do n't want he do n't want a bone	29	13	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	dogs	dog	Target_Child	he those dogs do n't want the bone	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	they	they	Target_Child	they want do n't want these these bones	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	and he do n't want some	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't he do n't he do n't want eat this bone	29	13	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	I do n't he do n't want a band aid on	29	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want he do n't want a band aid on	29	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want a blanket on	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them together	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders today	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders on	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders	29	5	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want pigtails	29	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want pigtails and ponytails	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want brush my hair	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a pigtail	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want a cup	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	uh her do n't want take a bath Mommy	29	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want her want clothes on	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bath	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want a bath	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want it in her eyes	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want it in her eyes	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want soap in her	29	7	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a pot for I do n't wan na rinse her with a pot	29	17	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a windy	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water falling	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they they do n't want lettuce and not and they not tomatoes	29	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pigtail	33	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	would you do n't want eat my food any more	34	10	question	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that story	35	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any story	35	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on me now	36	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	36	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	the he do n't want have a temperature	36	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	people	people	Target_Child	uh when people do n't want it	36	7	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want	37	4	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my jersey on	38	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the dolly	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want her to tell me	38	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want supper	39	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want supper	39	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jersey on	39	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yikes I do n't want do n't	39	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on the train	39	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na	17	9	declarative	Tardif Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh uh I do n't want it	18	7	declarative	Tardif Keith	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I went to my dad and I do n't want that other kind of food	60	16	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him and now them are eating	32	10	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Jamie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want that	29	5	declarative	NewEngland Colin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I I do n't have some	31	10	declarative	NewEngland Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	25	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on	26	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want kiss it better	27	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	28	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	29	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bib on	29	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want socks on	29	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with it	29	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	27	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	27	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that now	27	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	27	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want skin	29	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	30	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want pink	30	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this paper now	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my my my neenaw	30	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this now	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want draw with blue	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this juice	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my coat	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	31	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	if you do n't want it if you do n't want it mummy you haf ta leave it	31	18	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that other picture	31	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those two	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bottle	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sleeping Beauty	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want car	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want this one	32	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want put it away	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that page	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one now	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want hot milk	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my hairband in	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you do n't I do n't want this story	32	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I 'm do n't want these books	32	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some of yours	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want poorly feet	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blue one	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to go	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do it	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Peter Rabbit	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that pillow	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Amy to read pictures	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that bit	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want the monsters	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want this blue	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want Amy and mummy	33	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mummy	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na play with that	34	12	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your tape on	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with it again	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one on	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the blue pen	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I need er I need the bricks	34	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want green one	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the sun	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want come shop with you	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all the animals	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want it on my hair	34	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bobble in	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a turn	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want little boy to	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	34	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	Target_Child	do you wan na eat this because I do n't want it	34	12	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want the wobbly chair	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pretend mummy	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a bike on my head	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything for lunch	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cut it up	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to cut it	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jigsaw	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	35	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on Amy 's head	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that little one	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of my dinner	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want really want it all	35	8	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lots of mummy 's	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want do n't like you to	35	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to eat mine	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that milk	35	5	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another one	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of mine	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want banana	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more lemonade	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to fall over	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my snack	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want his hat on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want	35	5	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to climb up me	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that hat on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the pans	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want any more mummy	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my drink	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Amy to sit there	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the horsie	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to sit on the neenaw	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to you Amy squamy	36	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want their picnic	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't put it properly	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this biscuit	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another one	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my bobble in	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that cushion	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do counting	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want soy sauce	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want circles	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want socks	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want them on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bread	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the fish in it	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want green one	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bricks	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that brick	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all those bricks	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	do you know I said at nursery we said I said I do n't want those currants	37	17	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you make king now	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do the Moroccan one	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this book now	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the lion	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Amy to get the field	37	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that in	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want three on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that Barbie	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want take the jigsaw back to the shop	38	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to cry	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do anymore	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that on mine	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and I 'm just wondering if we do n't want it	39	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want slinky for christmas	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my hairband on	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to get my field	39	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want my	39	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	39	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this	39	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I wan na I do n't want you to tidy up	39	11	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want like this one	39	7	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to do n't wan na	39	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to say bye to Baxter	26	9	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to ride a train	27	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to go swimming	27	7	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want to eat them	27	7	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Taylor to play with it	28	9	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to take a nap	29	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to take a picture	34	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	34	5	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	33	4	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to wear it	35	6	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want spill it	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	eat do n't want eat it	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tiger	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tiger	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	33	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want eat my cookie	33	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want eat the pig cookie	33	8	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want later	33	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the tiger	32	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	puppies	puppy	Target_Child	puppies do n't want get wet	32	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	piggy	piggy	Target_Child	this piggy do n't want to sleep	35	7	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want to get horse	35	7	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	27	4	declarative	Davis Hannah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want more	32	6	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cut em	32	5	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and and I do n't want that on	36	8	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cuz I I do n't want anybody to change	36	9	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	28	4	declarative	Davis Rowan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	34	5	declarative	Davis Rowan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one on there	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Ethan wrecking all	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want up here	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	it 's saying I do n't want up here	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him coming over	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Ethan to get it	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Mommy	Mommy	Target_Child	no Mommy do n't want Mommy	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lunch	52	5	declarative	Belfast Christian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	26	4	declarative	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	48	5	declarative	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any toys	43	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody want a fire	46	8	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a Penguin	52	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to	52	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	31	4	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	31	4	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them to	44	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my off	45	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	45	5	trail	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	45	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	45	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want them on	45	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	48	5	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that big not that	48	9	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want that	48	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jeans on me	48	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Greta to see	48	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	when you throw this I 'll throw this down when I do n't want it	42	15	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	46	5	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	47	6	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one on	50	7	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want my bobble	50	7	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	Bates Sue	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no	28	4	declarative	Bates Sue	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want be here	28	6	declarative	Bates Keith	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in in waiting room	28	9	declarative	Bates Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	28	6	declarative	Bates Pete	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	23	4	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Cheerios	23	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	question	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	26	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	35	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bathrobe on	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them on	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	whoops I do n't want this	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want them to happen	38	8	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	38	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to tear it out	40	9	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	teddy	teddy	Target_Child	teddy do n't want to fringe cut	30	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want to	33	5	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want my little one	33	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to go to bed	34	8	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more jelly	36	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	23	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want envelope	23	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want soup	23	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some soup	23	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	25	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mayonnaise	26	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mayonnaise I have tapioca	26	8	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mm I do n't want you to	27	7	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tapioca	26	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want little one	27	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	truck	truck	Target_Child	fire truck do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want some	31	5	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	sure do n't want sure you do n't want some	31	10	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	okay you do n't want a spoon	31	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a spoon	31	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want hat on	32	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want book	32	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want have lunch	33	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want pretend do n't dat meat	33	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't do n't do n't want play games	33	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play games	33	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want put in chair	34	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want it	34	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	simply do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want bean in there	34	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want doughnuts over library	34	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some water	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want like water	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want remember	34	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want drink it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want blow	34	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want blow it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me pull it	34	6	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me pull it firetruck	34	7	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want wear it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want shoot you Thursday	34	6	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want some money	35	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta look both ways	36	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta look both ways	36	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sit down just like	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a chimney house	36	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that stuff on me	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a deep breath	36	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat stuff on me	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cover on it	37	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	what you say you do n't want some bottles	38	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want his	38	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	Mommy you do n't want some	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want some supper	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	coffee I do n't want coffee	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to take it out Mommy	39	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want David to have binoculars	39	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis one I pretending	39	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	40	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want crayons	40	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no man in there	40	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat to move too fast	40	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pretend	40	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want somebody to wake me up	40	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to break	41	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall	41	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my building knock down	41	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Paul to knock my building down	41	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to have my blocks	41	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to leave it	41	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	43	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the bird to get eated	43	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do	44	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta Italy	44	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta cut it	44	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall apart	44	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to disappeared	44	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta sing dat	45	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	45	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Paul to catch it	45	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to ride it	46	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to keep coming off	46	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis go on	46	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you do n't want it up in dere	46	9	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want no gas	47	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want no	47	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that thing in my truck	47	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no people to recognize me	47	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I just do n't want nothing in dere	48	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	48	5	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta sit on my bed	48	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him tear my books either	49	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	49	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wan na eat fish on dere	49	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him do that to me	50	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do dat for Paul	50	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want ta play with it now	51	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make	51	6	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make dat	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis one	51	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now I do n't want de piece	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fire engine	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta kill birds dat are nice	51	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want nobody to wear my glasses	51	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I got old cup I do n't want dat cup	52	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my cup dirty	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta use my old	52	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta have a wet cup	52	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat on dere	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make dat one I want ta make the other one	52	15	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it off	53	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on a	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want yours torn up	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	look I do n't want it to break	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	if you let someone look at it dat means you do n't want you do n't like it	54	18	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want ta break dis top because I need it	54	13	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta get no more	54	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my animals get killed	54	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more dan dat	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no but I do n't want you to	52	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	52	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	55	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis Mommy	55	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Paul get caught	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want ta lick it	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta put dem on someping because they are so small I do n't want ta lose dem	55	20	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	dey	dey	Target_Child	dey do n't want no ladies dat have so many children	55	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want dis one	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hole in it	57	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this Mommy	57	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it dat color	57	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta go under the bottom of the sea	58	12	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta practice no more	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fish biting me	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fish biting me	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat suit	58	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do it	58	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that piece of paper	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	58	7	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta make a orange	62	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be	62	7	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	62	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta forget you	62	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a ball	62	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want ta use my pretty ones no more I will use my old bang	62	19	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want book	33	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	den he do n't want see	33	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want do n't want I do n't want it on	34	11	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cereal	39	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want	41	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	42	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do my home+work on it	42	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any these	42	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no trouble	42	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	43	4	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	45	4	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go down	45	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sandra	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sandra	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on there	49	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want meatball	49	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	49	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want look pretty	49	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	53	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I found her but I do n't want you to see her though	53	13	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one to peek at it	53	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	53	6	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	54	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to say that	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to make me	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want school no more	54	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to say that	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	55	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	55	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no milk	55	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the gum anyways	56	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to write it down	57	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	no I wan I do n't want	29	7	trail	Clark Shem	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want whe and where 's duh something on here	32	12	question	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want any more juice	33	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I will I 'm not hungry because I I do n't want a pancake but when I get I can have a pancake	33	23	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want to	33	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it anymore	33	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more orange	34	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I when you say you do n't want your Cinny 's work	34	12	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any rice	34	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	35	5	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want duh word either because I don like it	35	12	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	it it 's I do n't want it on dere because I don like it	35	15	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he do n't want anymore	35	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he just do n't wants me to cover him	37	10	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want sit up	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brooke	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these toys	43	6	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na put this	40	11	trail	VanHouten Tommy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	28	6	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her game no more	41	8	declarative	VanHouten Rebecca	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	20	4	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	baby do n't want that	21	5	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that opened	22	6	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want food	18	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to tiger anymore	30	8	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want him to	32	6	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want eat Marky	32	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to be the ghost	33	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a passport	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a passport	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I just do n't want it	34	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it right now	34	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that squirt	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	34	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my stick to be hit	35	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't want you yeah but I	39	8	trail	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wrong chitis	41	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want my shirt to get in the poo 's way	42	14	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mark to have any beer because he will get excited	44	14	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want life to be like that	52	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	24	3	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	24	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this I want this	27	8	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	Mama you do n't want ivory four	29	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	interruption	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read this one	32	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read this one	32	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read these books	34	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	37	4	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	37	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want	40	5	self	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	40	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	40	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	42	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go my house	24	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want bagel	24	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my belly tickled	24	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to I do n't want to	25	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	25	3	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want to do	25	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Manuela	25	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to I do n't want to	26	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiss	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	26	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't want to	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	26	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my diapie	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jump on it	27	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I get a boo boo	27	11	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to whine	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want whine	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to mom	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the microphone it 's yours	27	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know I do n't want to	28	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	28	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	29	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to you sit	29	8	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I go outside	29	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any songs	30	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to hook	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I want to do it myself	30	12	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to to eat this pretend	30	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a picture	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	but I want my do n't want I just found that sticky sticky one	31	14	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want egg I do n't like egg	32	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my party now	34	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to be that	35	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to scratch your back it will hurt	37	11	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on me	38	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	38	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you to break it because it 's cus it 's mine	38	16	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	40	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	40	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it clipped on	40	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want um	41	5	trail	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on	41	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	43	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want just one	43	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and and I do n't want dinner I and I do n't want a treat after that I want a lunch and then treat	43	24	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want string cheese	43	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	43	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want it	43	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's something else I do n't want to do	45	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and guess what I also do n't want to do	45	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and guess what I do n't want	45	7	interruption	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	46	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want that to happen	46	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want see it	20	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want backpack	28	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't want backpack	28	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the shoes	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything	29	6	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	31	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no uhuh no I do n't want to	31	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I do n't want to	31	11	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to mom	31	6	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want back+pack	31	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	31	6	trail	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want banana	33	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want face cloth	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want face cloth	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I want you	35	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the waffles	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want any cheerios	36	9	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want	36	6	trail	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this I want play puzzle	36	9	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	37	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	only I do n't want to make them	37	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Sarah	Sarah	Target_Child	because Sarah do n't want to	37	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	37	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that thing	39	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read book	38	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	38	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	23	5	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on me	27	7	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	self	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a ball	27	8	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you Mommy to throw it away	30	10	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that away	30	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	30	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	40	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my beans	40	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want it	41	9	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	no you do n't want a sticker	25	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I think cause you do n't want it	25	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I think you mean that 's why you do n't want it	26	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want to find	26	8	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	27	3	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mosquitos	27	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	crayon no you you do n't want mine	27	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Mommy take it away	28	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want blueberries	28	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the backpack on	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want it the the orange nursie shirt	29	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	not I do n't want I 'm moving my sippy cup out of the way	29	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	self	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to find out	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a massage I do n't want a	29	11	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to have a cooperation	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to to see him	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want them here	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to it does n't have any poop in it	29	13	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to check	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to find out	29	7	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yes	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any lunch	30	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to do that	30	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	31	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any eggs	31	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any crayons	31	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	31	5	interruption	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any buttons and no crayons	31	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	because we do n't want it to	33	7	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want any more of that	33	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want to to	33	7	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want to sit on a bed with the lights turned off	33	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	no no no I do n't want do you	34	9	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any towels	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want ice	34	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any ice	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	why they do n't want people to see them	34	9	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	why we do n't want that	34	6	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	yeah do n't want another one	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't I do n't want to take them out	35	13	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the fireflies	36	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	38	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want blue+jay blue+jay go away	37	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he says I do n't want this for you	39	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him to	39	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want clip	46	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	give me things that we do n't want	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I want here	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	give us thing we do n't want because we 're gon ta forget our bag	46	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	46	3	interruption	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	you haf ta just ask for things some other things that we do n't want that we do n't carry	46	20	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	and then we 're supposed to give you things that you do n't want	46	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	it 's gon ta be a thing that you do n't want	46	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	ya	ya	Target_Child	cause he cause he cause cause ya do n't want him to get the flu	46	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it to be even	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	21	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	22	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want that	22	6	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	23	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	23	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bunny book	25	6	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that turtle	28	7	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the turtle	28	5	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ball	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want book	28	4	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	25	5	question	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	24	5	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the ponies in there	27	9	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want ice cream	29	6	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiwi	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 1234AB	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	24	5	declarative	NewmanRatner 6826LD24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want that	24	5	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want a kiwi	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it hot	24	7	declarative	NewmanRatner 7222MD24mos	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat any dinner	50	8	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	50	5	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	50	5	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	50	5	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any of those beans	36	9	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Ma I do n't want any	36	7	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Dr	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	ya	ya	Target_Child	di did ya do n't want these	35	7	question	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't you do n't want	35	7	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to have these	35	8	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want to	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	50	5	declarative	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	50	5	declarative	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat it	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cooked one	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cooked one	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my twinkie	62	6	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those long um those long things that Daddy 's not gon ta that Daddy 's	52	19	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want grape leaves okay	52	7	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no meat	52	7	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this kind	36	6	declarative	Gleason Guy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey Mommy I don I do n't want I do n't want	52	12	trail	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that much	52	6	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want awot	52	6	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat anymore fish	52	8	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any meat	50	6	declarative	Gleason John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	50	5	declarative	Gleason John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dwink	38	5	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that juice	36	6	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat de broccoli	29	8	trail	Gleason Patricia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want naymore	50	5	declarative	Gleason Theresa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it hot	28	6	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	he he you sure you do n't want some	28	9	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	interruption	Gleason William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	please I do n't want to eat it	48	8	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the book	48	6	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	48	5	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want turn it	33	6	declarative	Gleason Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	48	5	declarative	HSLLD Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want no no help	50	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Bambi	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta read this one	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no bug	43	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	45	5	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anybody to	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to go leaving	43	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta be fat like that	45	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want ta tell	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tell	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want to	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it a naked	59	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta see this	46	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta talk	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	mommy he do n't want that	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta say	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh Mama I do n't want ta tell the whole story	45	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	43	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he was crying ow ow mommy I do n't want this shot	45	12	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to tell anybody	44	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any of those things	49	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dessert	43	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta die dreaming	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	50	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on my plate	50	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my plate	50	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want a vitamin	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want her to come back here again	50	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	44	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this ice	43	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want ta go swimming lessons	46	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want any ice cream cone now	46	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this one	48	6	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta	51	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine Ma I do n't want it	51	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta	51	4	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dessert	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want this	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rice	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't want it	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	59	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	how come you do n't want this	49	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	we haf ta we haf ta no more supper I do n't want eat a one	49	16	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a meatball	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat it	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the haddock Mommy	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want steak or chicken I just want	48	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta do it	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the kind you had out not I 'll be full	48	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fork	50	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want butter on anything	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	but you do n't want no more	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mama I do n't want no hot dog bun	45	10	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want no hot dog buns	45	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I do n't want no steak	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I said I do n't want no steak	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the I do n't want you 're making for dessert	45	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	46	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to mommy	44	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta do that one	46	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta because	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta call you up with this	46	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want no motorcycles anymore	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do the	46	7	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my car	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play ball	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play ball	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta ask the colors	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta ask	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta	47	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any of that	49	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	48	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to read to me	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none on me anyway	53	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no uh I do n't want I do n't wan na do something else	57	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want going to listen to this again	53	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want her to be my friend anymore	59	11	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	55	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want relish	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mash potato yes I do I want mash potatoes	64	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	momma I want I do n't want a little bite	58	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	58	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	what if she do n't want it	55	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	55	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm full but I want but I do n't want the bread	57	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want butter	61	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	sometimes they do some things they do n't want	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	65	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want the other kind I do n't want talk in my voice	65	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want the I	65	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	54	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any shrimp	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any shrimp	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want it but I like it	49	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want hers	56	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	61	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want doughnuts	55	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little bit	55	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any apple doughnut	55	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I mean if you do n't want cake raise your hand	57	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any dessert	57	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want those	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	68	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that to be spaghetti	59	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the telephone	50	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cold	49	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mine that way	61	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	61	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want long head	56	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to mess up your clothes	61	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do that	57	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	maybe I do n't want it	61	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be that name	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the people	60	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want okay I saw the picture	70	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't want me to	72	6	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	64	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	64	3	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to read it	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to read that	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	72	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to read	72	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to tell him	63	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	yeah like because I do n't want them to bite me	65	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	70	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it next to them	63	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nobody playing with them	66	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want money	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	69	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	71	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I only can eat I mean I do n't want this meatball	71	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore fish	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that crying	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that crying at this table again	66	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	63	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	63	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	63	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want the gravy things	63	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any olives	63	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want carrots	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want potatoes	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	67	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	64	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want no ketchup	68	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I I do n't want that out	68	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cold	70	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	69	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want no noodles	65	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no noodles	65	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sticks	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I do n't want no	67	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do this page	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he will n't any he he do n't want anymore be the caterpillar	64	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	70	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want them	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no cars	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want the red one	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no people have plates here	67	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like these kind of leaves and do n't want them Mommy	67	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any sugar either	68	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this car it 's too ugly	68	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this it 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it it 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	excuse me I do n't want this in the way	65	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want sugar in it	69	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta play if you do n't want	66	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want it	45	7	declarative	HSLLD Chip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more shrimp	62	7	declarative	HSLLD Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat it 's all ready	48	10	declarative	HSLLD Zane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta	51	6	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more	51	5	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta talk	59	6	imperative_emphatic	Warren George	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	30	6	declarative	Wells Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go on gee gee	32	7	declarative	Wells Frances	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	42	4	declarative	Wells Frances	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dressing gown	33	6	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dressing gown hurt me that	33	8	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any dinner	39	5	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any dinner	39	5	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my slippers on	41	7	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Wells Lee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh no I do n't want my pajamas	42	8	declarative	Wells Abigail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on any more	56	8	declarative	Wells Abigail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want shoes	18	4	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	21	3	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	28	4	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want put that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want with that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Dad I do n't want off	28	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that there	28	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah ah I do n't want the other	28	8	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not no do n't want it	34	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my crusts	57	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	29	4	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	27	6	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you now	27	5	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the bag down because it 's so	32	11	trail	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	32	4	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more Mummy of that	39	9	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	39	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	41	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hat on	33	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hat on	33	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I like them I like I do n't want them like	42	11	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on any more	42	8	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to read it	59	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	interruption	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	35	5	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to see it	38	8	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them to see this belt	38	8	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Wells Neil	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Catherine	33	5	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want her	33	6	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the Lego	57	6	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	24	5	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want blanket on	36	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you in my bed+room	36	7	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you in now	36	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my shoes on	39	7	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	59	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want	29	4	trail	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want barley water	29	6	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	36	5	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	42	4	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want a snake	58	7	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want	58	5	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this on	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do n't go and pinch them	36	9	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them go and pinch them	36	8	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any peas	42	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um Mum I do n't want any peas	42	8	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want an y	42	7	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	58	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little bit more	35	8	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair washed Mummy	33	8	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	38	3	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	56	6	declarative	Wells Iris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	23	4	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	33	4	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want none	35	6	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my drink	35	5	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a broken one	41	7	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want give	23	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want he	35	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	42	6	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this on yet	57	6	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Wells Rosie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on anyway	60	7	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on now	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want want my windmill	30	7	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to do it	32	8	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want	32	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	32	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want	42	5	trail	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want sausage	42	6	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sausage	42	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my sandals on me	26	8	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	26	4	question	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my plaster off	33	7	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy	33	5	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that rest	38	6	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want that rest	38	7	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	now we do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want white	29	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want mine wash my hands	29	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Momma I do n't want this picture	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want a fingernail cut	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fingernail cut	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want this	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a spotted one	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a spotted one Mama	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want this one	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh Momma I do n't want any more milk	30	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more milk	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	uhuh today do n't want some	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want red	30	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want a grilled cheese now	30	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a grilled cheese now	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it Mom	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my grilled cheese	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	Mom we do n't want water in our tacos	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want me	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want meat	31	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I 'm gon ta said I do n't want him	31	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom Mom I do n't want this	31	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a woodpecker peck on me	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I I do n't want you eat them all	32	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a envelope	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want numbers on my telephone	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange book	32	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange book	32	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cold	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh Mommy I do n't want ice cream	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	33	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want any licks	33	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any licks	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you dance with me	33	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my yogurt	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tostados	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cheese on it	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like I do n't want ta eat Mickey Mouse	34	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any rice	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a roll	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any roll	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want a kiss	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiss on me	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this news	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that dirty water	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on later	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on later	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want Daddy on peanut butter bread	34	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a buffalo for Christmas	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tell you that	35	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this apple butter outside	35	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	35	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to go at work	36	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	know why I do n't want you to	37	8	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do anything to me	37	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no alligator to bite my toes	37	10	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to cut off	37	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one to cut off	37	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the rest	39	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on there	39	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want the taped part	39	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the I do n't want the hook on there	39	13	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	40	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they because they do n't want it to blow away	40	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my clothes	41	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to be cut	41	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	okay I do n't want any then	42	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want camping stuff	42	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to be thrown away	42	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	42	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to tell me that	43	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this part	43	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want any cheese	44	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	five things if if I do n't want any uh I do n't want any cheese	44	16	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	44	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want anybody to see me	45	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey bread	45	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey bread	45	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want it hot	45	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that high	46	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it one at a time	46	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	if they do n't want anybody to get in it they can close it	47	14	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	47	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't mean that I do n't want you to paint it	49	13	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want you to choke	49	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	51	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	52	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pennies	55	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pennies	55	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want my winter clothes on	56	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any fish	57	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none yogurt dressing	58	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none more	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hurry I probably do n't want some toast	58	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to start	58	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything to eat	59	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want you to wind up sitting on this	59	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wire showing	57	7	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want one that 's why	57	8	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this showing	57	6	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this showing	57	6	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to do that right	57	9	question	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want no Kool Aid	57	7	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want dis closed	57	6	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want none	57	4	declarative	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this corn	57	6	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	unhunh I do n't want dis corn	57	7	declarative	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	57	6	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	57	4	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want no one to wan na want no one to recognize that one	57	17	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more meat	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it mushed	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it near me	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it near me	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want it on there dad	57	9	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	I am making another hide out place for this car because they do n't want the daddy to hurt them	57	20	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah really I do n't want it	57	7	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Graeme I do n't want him to see it	57	10	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want three	57	5	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want zoom	57	5	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fork	57	6	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I wan na go	57	9	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it ah to do it	57	9	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want crayons just maybe one	57	9	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to watch	57	7	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want her to know I 'm I 'm too thirsty	57	12	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	57	7	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want a piece	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	question	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Ma I do n't want any	57	7	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and mommy I love you duh best and you 're my mommy and I do n't want nobody to hurt you	57	21	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to get hurt either	57	9	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis I do n't wan na go	57	11	trail	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on anymore	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hat	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want do n't want it off	57	7	declarative	Hall David	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want that on I do n't want that on	57	10	declarative	Hall David	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	and I want I do n't want it busting up	57	10	declarative	Hall David	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want any more of my food	57	10	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more my food	57	7	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mom I do n't want more	57	6	trail	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more food	57	6	trail	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no more	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine 's cut	57	7	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine 's cut	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mom I do n't want anymore	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want play I do n't want this on	57	9	declarative	Hall David	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't have any good ones	57	11	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I gotta cock tee and I do n't want anybody tuh see me	57	13	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want shee my coat	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want nobody see his bone head	57	9	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a take off my hat	57	9	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no dirty cross over	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nan I do n't want it no more	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my greens	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my greens	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the beer	57	5	question	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want your hat	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it I do n't want it	57	10	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it there the Batman	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he he I do n't want no more	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he gon ta laugh David I do n't want him	57	10	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wo n't ax for some no more	57	12	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want too	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wanted to wear it to school	57	9	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want this on	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want him staying here	57	8	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want the meat	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I 'm not his friend no more	57	11	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't but I do n't want it	57	9	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that cat	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the microphone	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want wan na be called a fellow	57	10	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want what	57	4	question	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cup	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cup	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cookie	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rice	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ice cream	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any coke	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you I want you count to twenty	57	11	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	57	4	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't like it I do n't want any	57	10	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no green peas	57	7	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I want no I do n't want none no string beans	57	11	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want string beans	57	6	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no spinach	57	7	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's why I do n't want you to touch it	57	11	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	here I do n't want I ai n't playing oooo you I 'm tell you got gum	57	17	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	57	6	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fish cake	57	7	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	57	5	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want none	57	8	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to come to the party	57	10	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to walk with me	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	57	5	trail	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	the teacher said she do n't want it	57	8	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to have no rest of me	57	11	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to have no rest of me	57	11	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no meat loaf	57	7	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the black stuff	57	7	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	man this is I do n't want no pepper	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	mother	mother	Target_Child	my mother do n't want you go want us to go to Leon and harry harry harry because because it 's the night time and she do n't want her to get something	57	33	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	this time I do n't want no water in it	57	10	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to look at tv	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	teacher	teacher	Target_Child	because the teacher do n't want us	57	7	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want dat dat	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	orange orange you you do n't want dis	57	8	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I a sandwich but I do n't want it	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it now	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to stay late	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want you to stay late	57	10	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a play this game	57	8	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nothing I do n't want no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dae now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another one	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a I	57	6	trail	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a glass	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a glass	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want no	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I was n't looking at this I do n't want it	57	11	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none a that on here	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I like it but I do n't want none	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ahk mommy I do n't want dis tissue	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want dah the tissue	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I I do n't want you	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to turn it off	57	10	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want any	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to put cream on me anymore	57	11	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want outside	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another one	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any candy	57	6	trail	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want de airplane	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	crying I do n't want it rahra	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the shirt on	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hm I do n't want we can just put dis and let 's see what burns it falls off	57	19	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything to eat	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and now I do n't want the shirt on	57	9	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want where 's that lil thing I threw	57	11	question	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that train box	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that sneaker taken off	57	8	question	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no more juice	57	6	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want it like that	57	9	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none a that	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want none of that	57	8	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want this liver	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no more rice	57	8	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rice	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want my rice	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want my rice	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis on	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I just do n't want it on	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to now	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to wear it	57	7	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you on the telephone	57	8	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Johnathan	Johnathan	Target_Child	Johnathan do n't want it on only I want mai	57	10	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want it at school	57	8	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want you tell his job	57	8	question	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want I do n't wan na run	57	12	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no I do n't wan na drink no juice	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him to bring it in school in here	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to talk on my microphone talk on his	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them bye bye	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my shirt	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it here	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this card	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	haha he do n't want you	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hah I do n't want it on I 'm going out	57	11	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want water	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	57	5	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis	57	5	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want dis we want dis	57	8	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	oh no I wan na take him up I do n't want him to go go	57	16	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any to eat	57	7	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want anything not right now thanks	57	10	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	I got dis shirt on and do n't want	57	9	trail	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I weeee	57	6	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah because Jonathan he 's touching me and I do n't want him	57	13	declarative	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want the breakfast	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want breakfast	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want this shirt on	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want him next to us	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to play with me Gabriel	57	10	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want spook and span	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore toot toot	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this fish	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	right and they do n't want people to hurt themself if they fall	57	13	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on the bed	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want matzo	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want matzo	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	57	5	question	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want another piece	57	7	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh it 's too sour I do n't want it	54	10	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	pat I do n't want any cookies	54	7	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	pat I do n't want any cookies	54	7	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any cookies	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no no	54	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no snack food	54	7	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't want	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pink	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want	54	5	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	mommy this stuff you do n't want	54	7	question	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore raisins	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	m mm ah haha I do n't want a whole package I	54	12	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want crackers	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want again	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want no fish	57	10	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fish	57	6	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know I do n't want	57	6	trail	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this shirt on	57	7	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want it on I 'm taking	57	12	trail	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore mom	57	5	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pepper	57	6	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	told you I do n't want too mus	57	8	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on me mom	57	8	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mom you ca n't uh always say that to me	57	14	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	question	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	trail	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Julie	57	6	question	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah it kawl coming off kawz I do n't want it to be yuhk	57	14	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to throw it	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to dance	57	8	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	m I do n't want any tokay	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want uh climb on di chair wobble head	57	12	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to to be no I do n't want it to be egg salad	57	18	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I wanting it and now I do n't want it anymore	57	11	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want duh one	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	alright because you I do n't want any of your stuff	57	11	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want you to do the page every time	57	12	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my toast poitin	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis shadow on my toast	57	9	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I mean duh shadow on my toast I do n't want	57	12	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to be washed	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't want to	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want ta make a silly old car	57	11	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nothing I do n't want nobody bother me	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	but you do n't want no car	57	7	question	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no beans and no	57	9	trail	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on for a little while	57	10	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want everybody just one	57	7	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want a lot of them	57	9	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more take my sh take my smuck off	57	13	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any of those	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of them	57	8	question	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
