emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na brush my hair	24	8	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na brush my hair	24	8	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any coffee	24	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my car back out	24	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	24	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I put em I do n't wan na put em back in here	24	13	question	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want deez out	24	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want deez out Daddy	24	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na make chocolate	24	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na wait for minute	30	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	guys	guy	Target_Child	an de an dese guys do n't want any gum	32	10	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want a suitcase	32	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he he said to me he does n't want it	32	10	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	daddy	daddy	Target_Child	I daddy does n't want dis	32	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	32	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want it on	34	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take my ring off	35	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm I do n't wan na	35	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	39	4	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	39	6	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on	39	7	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na fix it	39	8	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	because we do n't wan na hit somebody with our shoes	46	11	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you do n't wan na hit anybody in their eyes and hurt them	46	14	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want them to steal it or do anything	46	12	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go for four weeks	47	9	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want you to hide it fer me	47	10	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want go home	26	5	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want some apple juice	26	5	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the toast for lunch	29	7	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want ta play with one of these	30	8	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	've	have	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put this and now I 've gotta write	30	13	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	30	4	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tinkle	30	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta go on the noisy train	30	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta of my sneakers	30	8	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want my blocks	29	4	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't I do n't want a	31	9	trail	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that page	31	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want ta play in my house	33	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play in my house	33	9	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no do n't write that one	32	10	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no and no I do n't want ta play it	32	11	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my paper	32	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	32	6	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm I do n't want ta build little blocks	34	10	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	mommy	mommy	Target_Child	our new home mommy do n't wan na	34	8	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na because I 'm tire	34	9	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want ta pet her here Lucy goose	34	9	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Lucy	Lucy	Target_Child	Lucy does n't wan na go to sleep	34	8	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want baby	21	4	declarative	Bloom Eric	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go downstairs	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	Awww we do n't Awww Awww we do n't want this	24	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	24	2	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a botbot	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want jigsaw puzzle	25	4	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do not want a nappie	26	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do not want a nappie Mummy	26	6	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	27	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	he	he	Target_Child	he not wan na play	27	5	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it	27	4	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water	28	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	how I do n't want a toffee apple	28	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lose them	28	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Cubees is finish	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	she	she	Target_Child	she not want	29	3	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oy no I do n't want	29	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want put it on	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want	29	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nothing else	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that one	30	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on the chair	30	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit there	30	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come and play with you	31	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na see it	31	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go there	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I did n't want one	31	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	he	he	Target_Child	he not want	31	3	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	w	with	he	he	Target_Child	he w he not wanted a balloon	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want a balloon	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na get my hair cut	31	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want do n't like	32	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na go to the shops	32	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see it	32	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na go in the kitchen	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na go in the kitchen	32	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na blow	32	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wipe	32	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	because I not wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see me to doctor	32	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	he	he	Target_Child	maybe he not wan na go for work	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na go to work	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	she	she	Target_Child	maybe she not wan na go for a walk	32	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na make a tower when it 's to fall	32	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na make a tower	32	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na go to bed	33	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bububububububu	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a bath	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	you you did n't want some	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing it	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I did n't wan na go the gym	33	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one now	33	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	33	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	because I not wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	but Jwww did n't wan na go on	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	but Jwww did n't wan na go for a bath	34	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he did n't wan na go for a shower	34	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sharks	shark	Target_Child	the fish the sharks do n't want sharks do n't eat fish do they	34	14	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tidy up blocks	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na give me k a big hug	34	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want books	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in bath	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na go to bed	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want get dressed	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na get dressed	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na be the wood cutter	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see Jeannine	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them away	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want this banana	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	34	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	no I not wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't wan na count my teeth	34	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with my puzzle any more	34	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na have some socks	34	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want too	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a sandwich	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want	34	3	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to baby school anymore	34	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see the baby lambs	34	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with my wall anymore	34	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	i	Target_Child	I did n't want a balloon did I	34	8	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na do the puzzle on a bed do we	34	13	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	but we do n't wan na go	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	34	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go again	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but and I do n't wan na go	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that monkey	35	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that monkey anymore	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	but why you do n't wan na play me Monsters inc	35	11	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want a holiday	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na watch that	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it snapped	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that one	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want I want nobody to to have cake on my party	35	16	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this a long time	35	10	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color in when I grow up	35	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na take my shoes off	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and we do n't want the smoke to come in Jwww 's bedroom	35	13	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	but they wo n't we do n't want come up to come in my bedroom do we	35	17	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	because Jwww did n't wan na go on	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	did n't want to	35	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do the	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	35	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I s I do n't wan na get down	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a castle	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Jwww	jwww	Target_Child	why does n't Jwww do n't wan na play with me	36	11	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Jwww	jwww	Target_Child	because Jwww do n't wan na	36	6	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	there 's there 's me and Mummy but Jwww Daddy do n't wan na go on	36	16	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	why did Jwww did n't want	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	does Jwww did n't want it	36	6	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I do n't want green one	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na go on the train	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want the	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't slugs do n't wan na eat us do they	36	12	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do green	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that book	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na go for a	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na go in a	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na do downstairs do we	36	9	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na do downstairs do we	36	9	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wan na play castle	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go up	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this piece	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	no not the they do n't wan na come out	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want nothing	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	but Jwww did n't want me to go down the slide	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	but Daddy and Jwww did n't wan na go on	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	Target_Child	and Jwww did n't wan na go on that water ride	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I I did n't I did n't want Pepsi cola did I	36	18	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	do you do we you do n't want	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this lego	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any bananas	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	why I do n't want it in a plate	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I did n't want	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na read the Thomas one	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want the piece there	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it there	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Awww to come	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want I do n't wan na go to school	36	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want D Awww to come here	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I just want I just wan na read the little book	36	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't I do n't wan na play that dinosaur that dinosaur jigsaw+puzzle	36	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not I not wan na do the pink one	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't like pur I do n't want purple ones	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want Jwww to hurt off Jwww 's bike	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want me to	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it twist it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to twist it	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color the purple bits in	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want you do n't	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	you do n't want me to go in that web do I	36	12	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this one	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some breakfast	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	we do n't have to g I do n't I do n't I do n't I do n't wan na go to the doctors	36	24	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	boy	boy	Target_Child	why does why does that little boy do n't wan na stay with the other people	36	16	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	why did he why did n't why did he do n't want why did he wan na stay in the jungle	36	21	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want	36	7	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it to cut it	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it anymore	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na stay	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like them I want some chew chew	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some medicine	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chew chew	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you giving me white medicine	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na do this one	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want I wan na put this one away	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na get dressed	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I like I do n't like kissing	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't wan na go	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I no I I do n't want I want stay with you do n't I	36	17	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	maybe somebody put why maybe maybe maybe maybe not wan na go in the ga maybe not gon ta go in the garden	36	23	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't wan na land on a snake do I	36	11	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want you to cut them	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all of that	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na have them	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do it	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the green one in here	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I do n't want some cake	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go anywhere	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't I do n't wan na	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that purple	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want read nothing	36	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to read it	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do the giant d do the jigsaw	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	did he did n't wan na play with me anymore	36	10	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	Jwww did n't wan na go in there did he	36	10	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	did he Jwww did n't wan na go in there did he	36	12	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't wan na go on the roundabout	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a belt on	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with you Mum	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na stay	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want him	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to go	37	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	37	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na turn them around	37	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to be dead do you	37	10	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a monster head	37	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want his boots	37	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh no want two	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	24	2	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat ready+brek	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat ready+brek	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want coat	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it you	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want temperature	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want breakfast	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	24	2	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it uh	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the yellow medicine	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my drink	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to Fitkids	24	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na make a snake	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to I wan na go to the toilet	24	14	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want	24	8	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all them	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	a do I do n't want it	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the Play Doh	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want it	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jacket	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do I do n't want Play Doh do n't want it	24	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want it	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do that bit	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no not wan na	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wants get out	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh no wanted I want I want I want Bob Builder	24	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na go	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want anything	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want The Lonely Wasp	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play Swww	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	24	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that	24	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah no I do n't want it	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na it any more	24	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't like it	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to put my jacket on	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my jacket on	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to put my jacket on	24	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Noo noo	24	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	24	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sleep in	24	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that kiss	25	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bee	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na love bees	25	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hold Awww 's hand	25	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na draw a flower	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh no Mum I do n't want that	25	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange one	25	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do n't want	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na make	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na that	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh do n't want look	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	25	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Zippy	25	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wee wee	25	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that baby	25	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	25	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na in the rainbow	25	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na speak to	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	26	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sing it	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't wan na go my	26	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing it	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want numbers of teeth	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give it to Wendy	26	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a tuna+fish sandwich	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any tea	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want brush teeth	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	who	who	Target_Child	who does n't want brush their teeth	26	7	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do the	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	26	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want s see it	26	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell	26	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on it	26	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the stone	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na go to work	27	8	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want milk	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want this	27	3	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chicken	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want nice chicken	27	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na finish	27	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	you	you	Target_Child	you know what you wo n't want a bean	28	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want poo poo	28	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that jigsaw	28	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want on	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	28	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	28	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cheese	28	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you eating in it	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	29	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one yet	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	29	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want my stick	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and now I do n't wan na	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't want play with me	29	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	29	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	30	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in the lounge	30	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that jigsaw	29	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	30	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more	30	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want that	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	30	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a season one	30	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	30	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na play	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I I do n't wan na play	31	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	31	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	baby do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want a nappie on	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want give Happy sweetie	31	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na share	31	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na join in	31	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch Snow white	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do the cards	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	32	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	do you not wan na miss me	32	7	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a stool like this or like that	32	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it now	32	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do	32	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want chicken	32	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it here	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	33	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want that one any more	33	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that do I	33	7	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the hairband	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want a potato waffle	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it all	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	33	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	Mum me no wan na go their house	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na close the door	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na baby	33	6	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lots	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want potato waffle	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want an do n't want any more	33	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bobble	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na though	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give you hug	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	this	this	Target_Child	this does n't want any more	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want her nappie on now	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read a nice book	33	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	33	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	33	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	house	house	Target_Child	because I did n't want big in the house our house	34	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Teddy	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do ho hor hor	34	9	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na go in the box	34	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play in	34	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with her	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't wan na play with her	34	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it cut	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read nice book	34	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	34	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put my tights on	34	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do that	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pencil	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be your friend now	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na kiss	35	6	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Spot	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na do that	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to shout at me	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your help	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do these	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want need	35	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want eat rats	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do all this	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na sn climb it	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	ladybird	ladybird	Target_Child	my ladybird does n't wan na go in the house so the fish in there	35	15	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read the book	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing it	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na put the music on	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	35	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the plate	35	6	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want egg	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sleep in the cot	35	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in here	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	he does she does n't wan na go	35	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he did n't want a face	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I wan na get those stickers	35	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want words	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cook in there	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want any carrots	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anydhal	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do the jigsaws	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na fishing game	35	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na Action man	35	7	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the old school	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a big long one	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want your magazine	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na whirl do	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the park	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a banana	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I do n't wan na	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play snap	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any of those	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na do the Bob the Builder jigsaw	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be the baby	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jelly	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do Cinderella	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come with you	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na love her	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na go outside for it	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na do the building bigger anymore	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na do the guitar	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	this I did n't want	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it to	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two of them	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want seven	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na share it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a photograph	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a picture done	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it done	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na roll	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na show him ballet	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wanted it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that wan na play	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na come to your house	36	13	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cream	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the cut biscuit	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Daddy	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't wan na haf ta go outside	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na that one	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want a boot	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want a boot	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Mummy I do n't want	36	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a jigsaw	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want you to come to our tea+party	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na brush my hair	36	12	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it in small squares	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want you to	36	6	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	Mum she does n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na put her clothes on	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na do	36	6	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	what you do n't wan na	36	6	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to put her shoes on	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do yo	36	8	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wan na	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	it it if you do n't wan na um you wan na get your own okay	36	16	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na do my day	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na go and play	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go and play	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want too much	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to go	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to come here now	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cheese in my omelette	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any um tomatoes in	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rings	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cardigan	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cardigan	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do white	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want muesli	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lose it do I	36	9	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a poo	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a	36	7	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want medicine	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na do anymore	36	7	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that penguin	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a peanut	36	6	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he said he does n't wan na eat him up	36	10	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I I do n't want any crisps	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cheese strip	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a plate	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a yoghurt	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na share with you	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na want them	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want tins to eat	36	11	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a splashing	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your splashing	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you do n't wan na upset them	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um Daniel I do n't wan na	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them there	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one down	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a poo	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	that	that	Target_Child	that that does n't want any	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	36	7	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't wan na do that	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na know	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	say I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ready+brek	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ready+brek	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want anymore	36	6	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na blow out the candle	36	9	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be at school	36	8	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want a more food	27	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	e	e	Target_Child	e do n't want this	27	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a flys	28	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want de	29	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want one	29	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want those	30	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a there	30	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that	30	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	a no want	30	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a	30	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a bib on	30	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	31	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want it	31	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	31	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want it	31	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that one	31	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want any sausage	31	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want these apples	31	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	Target_Child	Mummy not want	31	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want	31	2	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	31	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want stamps	32	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	a not want them	32	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	a not want them	32	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	33	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	a no want	33	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want one	33	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na stay in the dark	33	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	33	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	girl	girl	Target_Child	a a little girl not want it	33	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no no wan na have this one	33	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want Winnie Pooh	33	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a go em	33	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it on the track	33	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it	34	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	s	be	Becky	Becky	Target_Child	Becky s not want cheese	34	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I de I do n't want it	34	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want a drove	34	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a rest	34	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want cotton wool	34	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that	35	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	35	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	I	I	I	I	Target_Child	I I not want one	36	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	it	it	Target_Child	uh it not want any more	36	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want potatos	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	because I not want one	36	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want tomatoes	36	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want bananas	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want anything	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want bacon	36	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it	36	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	uh because she does not want one	36	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Dairylea sandwich	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	36	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want them	36	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wants that	37	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Purdie	Purdie	Target_Child	Purdie not wants a carry	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want after those pebble things	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no not wan na	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it on	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want say that	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	what I not want a break	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want to listen this	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	37	2	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want a Easter egg	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	please I I not want breakfast	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that one	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want my tracks off on	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that one	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that one	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	no I not want that one	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that one	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that one	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	a no want my straps on	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want the one	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	37	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no wan na	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do not want do that	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	bears	bear	Target_Child	teddy bears not want see the Bethany not here	37	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	37	2	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want on table	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	because I not wan na share it	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	um I not wan na read any book	37	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that one	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that book	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that any books now	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want any book now	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want those	37	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do not want some taste of it	37	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want one	37	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that water	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	's	be	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	then it 's not wanted	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	's	be	it	it	Target_Child	it 's not want that one	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want Honey Nut Loops	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want no no	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	your	you	Target_Child	your not want a lid on	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that one	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I not want these	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that one	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want you talking	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	snake	snake	Target_Child	my snake not want it	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any jam on that one	37	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Thomas	Thomas	Target_Child	Thomas not want anymore	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want anymore	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want anymore food	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	it	it	Target_Child	because it not wan na work	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do any thing like that	37	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na read this story	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want those	37	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not I not want that	37	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on there	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Jeannine	Jeannine	Target_Child	Jeannine not want silly thing	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this cheese	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	37	2	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want you	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want know	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't I not want any more letters in	37	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more letters	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no not want that	37	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a sweetie I thought I bought in newsagents	37	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want it on	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want it clip it there	37	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no not want it there	37	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na go to my Granddad 's	37	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these bit	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want too	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want see anybody doing it	38	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any help	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any anything	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you do it	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want you	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na to see what my bag is doing	38	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	38	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want those	38	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want those toys	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that on my own	38	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them on there again	38	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to put them on again	38	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the beans	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the potty	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a lift	38	6	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	38	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	38	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	38	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na wipe my eye	38	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he do n't wants to	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a bath	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hair	38	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cats	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	careful do n't want a drop it	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want to see	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na post the money	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want them here do we	39	9	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	am do n't wan na see what 's in them	39	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that to eat no	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see anymore	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this bit	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na because I eaten one	39	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those flowers inside there	39	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a paper	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	39	4	self	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that that horse	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me banging a big door	40	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want any rubbish jumping up and down	40	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na hurt your nip	40	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	40	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play anymore	39	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it anymore	39	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	40	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	but it do n't wan na do this one	40	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you did n't want any more sweets	40	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it upside down again	40	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	40	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	40	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want the other cheese	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want it	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want them cut up	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do want it	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cut up	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want a tree cutting on that	41	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lawnmower	40	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want my straps	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want drawing	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some lunch	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to see me	41	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two telephones	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na see anybody today	41	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na bump my head	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a kiss	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a collect a letters today	41	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like I do n't want my straps on now	41	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	41	4	self	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just say I do n't wan na	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat that	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this piece of bread	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that pencil	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to share	41	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go for a walk	41	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it you want it stop you do there	41	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na lose it	41	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't wan na sing that because I 'm not a farmer	41	13	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to get a now	42	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it anymore	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a choc coin because I 'm ill	42	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want one because I just got one	42	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na get it running over because it 's yours	42	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read anymore storys	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want those do we	42	7	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to do that	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wipe	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	I do n't do n't wan na	42	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	42	2	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anymore	42	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	42	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	42	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	43	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want you to throw the string	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a story	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want your big	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	43	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to shout at me	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want you to shout at me	43	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to give me a fright	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want anymore of this	43	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a drink	43	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na play this game	43	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	43	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	44	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mummy I do n't want it in the book	44	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a tape	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na miss it again	44	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	44	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want this	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to play with me later	44	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it because I get dirty hands	44	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lick it	44	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want you to touch it because you might get in my big knife	44	17	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	44	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na anymore	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na anymore	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do nothing	44	7	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no do n't want it	44	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy but I do n't want a bath	44	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na tell anything	44	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I had better do it a bit louder because I do n't wan na talk anymore	45	17	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you because it 's a secret	45	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I just do n't want it	45	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	just do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	45	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you moving my	45	7	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want her to move my bike and she did	45	12	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	45	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	huh not do n't wan na dance	45	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	46	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want him near my garden	46	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that I do n't want that	46	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	46	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the cheese I want this apple	46	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	46	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	46	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	46	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	46	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the pants on	47	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you to look though Mum	47	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want any noise	47	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look at books	47	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	47	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	47	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore of this	47	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na haf ta do anything today	48	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na talk now	48	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	48	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	48	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	48	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	but they do n't want it	48	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a grubby table for tea time	48	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want milk	48	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you remember why I do n't want milk	48	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	49	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na	49	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you in my pool	49	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	49	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	I said he did n't want my radio thing	49	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	excuse me Mum I do n't wan na play	49	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	49	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now I do n't want cheese	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	49	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	I think she did n't I think she said she did n't wan na learn	49	15	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na learn	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	my leg hurts and and I do n't wan na lie	49	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch	49	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want to read it yet	50	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na carry the anything at all	50	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything	50	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the pictures either	50	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want one	50	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	50	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	50	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oy I do n't wan na play with	50	8	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want letter	50	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's yours I do n't want this smelly old thing	50	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	um	um	Target_Child	that um do n't want him again	50	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play now	50	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na sing it	50	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	51	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to play with the rug	51	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na dance	51	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	51	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	did n't wan na do that	51	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hm juice I do n't want any of them	51	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	might	might	they	they	Target_Child	and they might not want it	51	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	51	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	51	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do any it	51	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na play	52	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want that building knocked down again	52	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come	52	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	52	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na even look	52	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	52	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	52	4	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want shoes	52	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do anymore	52	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't I did n't want it to	52	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I did n't want to touch it	52	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want anymore of it anyway	52	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	52	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want you to do them	52	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you sit down	52	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you talking to me	52	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na leave my drink	52	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	I	I	Target_Child	I wo n't want a	52	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look read books	52	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't wan na	52	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na come down that way	53	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	53	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh no I do n't wan na	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I did n't want one of those	53	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything else now	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything else	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mummy I do n't wan na play on these	53	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	mum	mum	Target_Child	because he just just does everything his mum does n't want him to do	53	14	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't Mummy I do n't want any milk of milk	53	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want a drink	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	53	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything to drink	53	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na today	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's why I do n't wan na do them	53	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um uh oh I do n't wan na know	53	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na now	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh poo you I do n't wan na say	53	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	how do I get out when it 's and I do n't want it to make a mess	53	18	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Jeannine have a cup of tea	53	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	53	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na um sandwich	54	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the um wheels squeak if I put some oil in	54	14	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that thank you	54	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	54	3	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this little one	54	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	54	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	54	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a spoon	54	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	54	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want quiet	55	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na look at it	55	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na play	55	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this when you 're talking	55	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	55	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na because I do n't wan na	55	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it	55	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	55	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	55	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read it	55	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na because I 've drawed some already	55	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do any of them	55	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	55	3	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na play this	55	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	um I bet you do n't want him drinking whisky	55	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any jam on the crust	56	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wash my hands	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	56	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want any more do you Daddy	56	9	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tea	56	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no and and I do n't want that	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want I do n't I do n't like Buzz Lightyear	56	13	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it anywhere	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	that 's just where they put the rubbish we do n't want	56	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it so long	56	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	57	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it there in my railway because then buffers there	57	13	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any breakfast	57	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	huh I do n't wan na be in to be again	57	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them away	57	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na sleep	57	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want that lot	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	58	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want any sweets	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	hope he does n't want a ride	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want that much	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	and you do n't wan na fall in the sea do you	58	12	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it again	58	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my nails cutting	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	for P E because you do n't wan na get them wet	58	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want me to	58	6	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want those	58	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because because I do n't want it all fit on	58	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't wan na read	58	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na do this again	58	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it again	58	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want cereal	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want any discos	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want want	59	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	59	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do n't wan na	59	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to write anymore	59	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na write both names on this	59	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wanted a pic	59	5	trail	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play it now	59	8	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want wrapping paper on the floor	59	10	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want wrapping paper	59	7	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that to go in the cooker	59	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any lunch	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it to split up on you	59	9	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I said I do n't want something to eat	59	12	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	must	must	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	must n't want it	59	4	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	well you did n't want it	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	59	6	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just I just do n't wan na talk about it	59	11	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	someone	someone	Target_Child	I know it 's only a model of it but someone did n't want it	59	15	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na read	33	4	declarative	Higginson April	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dirty	34	7	declarative	Higginson April	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na clothes to get dirty	34	8	declarative	Higginson April	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that	36	7	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want help	26	3	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want steal my cookie	26	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put dis in	26	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to make	26	7	trail	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan	28	3	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan help	28	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my microphone on	28	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	28	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want da lady up here	28	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na fix	31	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	I 'm put him right dere cause he do does n't wan na bite you	31	15	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na tell	33	4	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want do go a bed	33	9	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pick up	33	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my back	31	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	yes I did n't want raisins	33	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat	33	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cut it	26	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cut my red pants	26	9	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	dat no wan na	26	4	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	rooster	rooster	Target_Child	de rooster no wan na talk	26	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	rooster	rooster	Target_Child	no de rooster do n't wan na talk	26	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na	26	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	26	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na making crack	26	5	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go on ne airplane	26	9	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na fill him	28	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na fill him	28	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na ladder go	28	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na stack em away	31	8	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	let me that that pelicopter I do n't want it	31	10	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want anything	31	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to put him down here	33	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it like dat	33	7	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him	33	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want him in here	33	6	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I duh I do n't want camper	26	7	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	eh no wan na sing jingle bells	30	7	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say please	36	7	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	why you do n't do n't want it in the butter	36	11	question	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a pee pee	36	9	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do a bah	36	9	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I do n't want tell quick story night	38	13	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read half	40	7	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read anymore	40	7	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want I do n't know	40	10	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	why do n't wan na	40	5	question	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he did n't want eh eh the queen wants it back	45	12	question	Snow Nathaniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want the digger	22	4	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	24	3	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	24	3	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my baby tiger	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want money	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my Daddy	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a poo	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my toys out	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want later	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	28	3	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bumpy road	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	car	car	Target_Child	car do n't want go in	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na bite my nose	28	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a wee	28	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the caravan	29	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na chew it	29	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	Target_Child	you not wan na kiss it	29	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it inside	29	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	29	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the baby tiger bridge	29	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go too fast	30	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little jelly on top cake	30	10	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a jelly cake	30	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat tins	30	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat tins	30	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do it on the seat	30	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him stand on the cab	30	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want one	30	3	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go in	30	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that in	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the rest the caravan	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a big one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wee	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want a drink	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two balls	31	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want make a little person	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wait for a wheel	31	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do n't wan na	31	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch me	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch	31	6	trail	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na put these away	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with them	31	8	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want make a puzzle	31	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want sit on the mat	31	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	31	5	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a door	32	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Granddad	Granddad	Target_Child	I say Granddad do n't wan na mend it	32	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	Daddy does n't want his birthday	33	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him that	33	6	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him in there	33	7	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	it does n't wan na go on a breakdown	33	9	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	23	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	26	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that one	26	4	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my books	29	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want sticky bun today	29	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na drive	29	4	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na drive	29	4	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	30	3	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my chewing+gum	30	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the road now	30	7	question	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my medicine now	31	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	31	3	interruption	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na Fireman Sam	31	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	32	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it burny do we	32	8	question	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go on there	32	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	32	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big boy	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big boy	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these toys any more	33	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want put in there	33	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get a book	33	8	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read that one	33	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the Little hippo again	33	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play with my toys now	33	9	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play my toys now	33	8	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these	34	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these boring pictures	34	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these boring pictures	34	7	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	34	6	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	trail	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want flower	25	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	25	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	25	4	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want eat it up	26	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a door	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Mummy	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want write my ideas	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want write ideas	28	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	28	4	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play with Anna	28	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with Anna	28	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this	29	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want those	29	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy to help me	30	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that anymore	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play with the toys	30	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to do that	30	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my dinner	30	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	31	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	31	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nothing	31	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat it	32	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na eat it	32	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	32	3	interruption	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a dolly	33	8	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be	33	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na be	33	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dolly	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those to go to bed with her	33	11	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to	33	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na knock my hen house down	34	10	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to go to work	34	9	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to make something different	34	9	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	34	6	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to cry	34	7	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	24	3	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	24	3	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	24	3	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this	25	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	23	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wanted Gail 's bin+bag	26	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	26	3	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	man	man	Target_Child	man do n't want Gail 's bin+bag	26	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wanted wanted the light	26	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na go to MacDonalds	27	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	28	2	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not wan na have a sleep	29	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want one	29	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dolly	30	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	30	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	self	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit down	30	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit down	30	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be eyes	31	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na be frightened	31	8	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be frightened	31	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	31	3	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na come in my house	31	8	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it by myself	31	8	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go home	32	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want soup	32	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na play with my toys	32	10	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go and get it here	32	10	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with my toys	32	8	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play with mine	32	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want purple	33	4	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na play any	33	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	and do n't wan na put in that train in	33	10	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	33	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yellow ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these ones	33	6	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my birthday here	34	7	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na find it now	35	9	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	trail	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it back	26	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na go out	26	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	27	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tidy	27	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cup of tea	27	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat	27	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that chips	27	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that house	28	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na come	28	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na count	28	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do that	29	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want that on my ears	30	11	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want some	30	5	self	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some milk	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some milk	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na be like a nurse	30	10	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come there	30	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play that one	30	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eggs	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do this now	30	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it Mum	30	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eggs	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play	30	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do this now	30	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	31	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	31	2	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do drawing Mum	31	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	31	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it fast	31	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do fuzzy felt	32	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want mine	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want mine	32	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in up	32	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be painted	32	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na build a tower	32	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make it big	32	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	that	that	Target_Child	that does n't want some	32	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and we do n't want	33	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	but we do n't wan na be sick	33	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a baby	33	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you	33	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nuts	33	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to Mummy	33	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want these	33	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	33	5	trail	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat	34	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	34	8	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	I do n't do n't wan na do yellow	34	9	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	34	4	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do that	34	6	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na make	34	7	self	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na be run over	35	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the paper	35	6	interruption	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't wan na get run over did he	35	10	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	you did n't want one	35	5	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	because she she does n't wan na get dried does she	35	11	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't she does n't wan na get	35	9	trail	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na get dried	35	7	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	why do you do n't want it	35	7	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he does n't want does n't he	35	8	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall down on me do I	35	12	question	Manchester Becky	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want toys in the car	25	6	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	man	man	Target_Child	man not want the wheel	26	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want in there	26	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	that not want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	John	John	Target_Child	John do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go in the zoo	32	8	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some lunch	33	6	declarative	Manchester John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want Nana	27	3	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want choo choo choo choo house	30	9	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want the baby tea	30	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	31	3	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want hat	31	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want that Mummy	31	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want that	31	3	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want that	31	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	baby	baby	Target_Child	baby not want come too	31	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	want that doctor no	32	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want too much	32	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want that	32	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want that	32	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	and do n't want Mummy again	32	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want that one	32	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not wan na	32	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy	32	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	Target_Child	Mummy not want me jump on Mummy	33	7	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want baby tiger	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want baby to	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want down there	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want that there	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want wall	33	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want one there	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	Target_Child	my not want a brick here	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want a wall there	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	brick	brick	Target_Child	brick not want me take it wall away	33	8	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	girl	girl	Target_Child	that little girl not want some juice	33	7	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want you do that	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want a door	33	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go back work	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want all that money	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not want all that money	33	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want Clever Cat	34	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	he	he	Target_Child	because he not want see Anna	34	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want you talking	34	5	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not I not want it wet	35	7	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	me not wan na wear nappie	35	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want you do it	35	6	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	Target_Child	you not wan na	35	4	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	I	I	I	I	Target_Child	I I not want you do it again	35	8	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dodie	20	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want teddy	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want another one	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want train	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want away	21	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want nana	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want the pram	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh no want that one	21	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want paint	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want paint	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want the paint	21	5	question	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want din dins	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want food	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want the baby	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want teddy car	21	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want paint	21	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want snowman draw	23	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want put it on	24	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na make	24	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want mine	24	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that one	24	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the shed on	25	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a wee wee	25	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	25	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want	25	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	not I not want a broken Percy	25	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Thomas	25	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want make um	26	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't wan na do it	26	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't wan na do it Mummy	26	8	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go under here	26	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	26	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't wan na carry it	26	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't wan na carry	26	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	27	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want get it	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't want Percy on	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wipe	27	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na be careful	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't want that	27	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want get beans	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want wee wee	27	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a wee wee	27	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want some	27	3	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	it	it	Target_Child	it ca n't wan na fly now	28	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	ca n't wan na throw	28	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	ca n't wan na throw now	28	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't wan na throw	28	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	ca n't wan na throw	28	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	you	you	Target_Child	you ca n't want some dinner	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a crab	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	he	he	Target_Child	he ca n't want go that way	29	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the carwashed	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the carwashed	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	you	you	Target_Child	you ca n't want the baby	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	he	he	Target_Child	he ca n't want some tea	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this car	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't want that	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't want the wipes	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wipes	29	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want that	29	4	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the wheels	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want the	29	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	fishie	fishie	Target_Child	the fishie ca n't want the milk	29	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	Target_Child	you not wan na get a	30	6	question	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	interruption	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	31	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it card	31	5	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na bite this	32	7	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the big car	32	6	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	23	3	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it more	23	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	24	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it that	24	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	25	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want yellow	32	9	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my knickers	32	6	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want	32	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do you want one on a blue plate	32	11	question	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bubbles	34	5	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	23	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that please	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it doll	26	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	26	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	26	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sister	sister	Target_Child	sister do n't want cars	28	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one circle	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one circle	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na put it on there	29	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	elephant	elephant	Target_Child	elephant elephant do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cow	29	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play something else	29	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na car	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go that way car	29	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want that one Nina	29	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want my foot	29	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	sister	sister	Target_Child	sister do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I because I because I do n't want any more Mummy	30	12	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Thomas	Thomas	Target_Child	Thomas do n't wan na go on other trains	30	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na wan na blow it	30	12	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na blow it	30	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na play with mine	31	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it yet go back	31	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that bit of off a train	31	10	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na drive	31	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	train	train	Target_Child	think train do n't wan na come on there	31	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Duke	Duke	Target_Child	Duke 's do n't want play any more	31	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nina	Nina	Target_Child	because because Nina do n't want it	31	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in box	31	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't because I do n't wan na	31	10	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play Mummy	31	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na now	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want monkey 's banana	32	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want	32	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you I do n't want you	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	32	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want that	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them toys	32	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na play that	32	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that lorry	33	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it drive on me head	33	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Eioh	33	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them away	33	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	trail	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na let go	33	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want big car go under	34	8	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another tunnel	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that that outside	34	9	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	34	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na stay here	34	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	34	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some	34	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	34	3	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Winnie Pooh	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he just do n't wan na	34	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on there	34	6	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on my cars	34	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na sleep in train	34	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a hot water bottle	34	7	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you	34	4	trail	Manchester Dominic	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	want it want it no	28	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	33	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	33	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	33	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	33	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	33	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want my tea	34	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play with	34	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play with	34	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do any more	34	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a knife	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want piece	34	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole does n't want a piece	34	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	34	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	34	2	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want do happy birthday cake	34	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a pretty	34	5	trail	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play	35	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole does n't want one	35	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want that tuna	35	6	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want some orange	35	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want this	34	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want them	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	34	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that on there	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	34	2	trail	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole not wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	34	2	interruption	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na read that	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not wan na	34	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	35	3	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want my birthday cake	35	5	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want the funny noise in my ears	36	8	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want funny noise	36	4	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	Target_Child	Nicole do n't want put them in the holes	36	9	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that	23	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want it	24	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that one	24	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	25	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want lie down	25	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want lie down	25	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want some more	25	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read a book	27	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tidy	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	27	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the trousers	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want play mine 's	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these ones	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na	28	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her close her	28	7	self	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want turn again	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want some	28	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na tell you	28	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na told you	28	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it do it	29	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play again	29	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na tell you	29	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do tiger puzzle	29	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Anne	Anne	Target_Child	Anne do n't want one	29	5	trail	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put this away	29	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want other drink	29	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play any more	30	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play with these any more	30	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na laugh at me	31	9	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a lick	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na sleep and I do n't think	31	12	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	31	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	31	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na lie like this	31	9	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and we do n't wan na go to the shop	31	10	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want your dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my dinner	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want your soup	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want his	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want it	31	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it anymore	32	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play a game	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want tea	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that one	33	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want the the dirty ones	33	8	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest out	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these ones in	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want them these ones	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	33	4	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want bricks on there	33	6	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the bricks on there	33	7	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want that	21	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	21	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na stay in house	21	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	21	2	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	21	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	22	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	22	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	22	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	22	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	22	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no no no no	22	8	trail	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	22	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that elegator	27	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	30	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit	32	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na sit in my	32	6	trail	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	27	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	28	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell Investigator	28	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing a song	28	8	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na help	28	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see truck	28	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get it dirty from my water	28	11	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	29	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	trail	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want this	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want em in there	29	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my beebee	29	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Stacy	32	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Stacy	32	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Stacy	32	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Stacy	32	7	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mm I do n't wan na let this this	31	9	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Andreas to rip those	31	8	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	no because he did n't want it on at nap time	31	11	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't she did n't want me to take away the small one	31	14	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want	31	8	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him	27	5	declarative	Valian nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	37	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	just do n't wan na eat it	38	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want this	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	this	this	Target_Child	this do n't want too	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	do n't want it do n't he	38	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want it anymore	38	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh do n't want some	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some Annie	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na go wearing it in	38	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	his	he	Target_Child	his do n't want that anymore	38	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it do n't want to horse for nanny	38	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	it	it	Target_Child	it no want some	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	his	he	Target_Child	oh his do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	it just do n't want some	38	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	her no wan na	38	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tea bag in there	31	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tea bag cause cause we for the big one dry in it	31	15	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that plate	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na have it	31	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	question	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na go	31	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't wan na go	32	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want sweet	32	5	question	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no because I did n't wan na eat it	37	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	cat	cat	Target_Child	no my cat do n't want his lunch	35	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want anything in his mouth	35	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in there	35	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na go in the farm	35	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	33	3	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't wan na go here next week	37	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it out	45	7	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	45	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	39	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na go in our home	31	10	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na sleep on a chair	31	10	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bath	31	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	and she and she do n't wan na get in do n't	31	12	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na oh	31	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mom I do n't wan na play with this	37	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it	37	8	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a baby here	37	9	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play this	36	7	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play games	36	6	declarative	Fletcher Colin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Fletcher Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it there	38	5	declarative	Fletcher David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do no more now	36	9	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na any more	36	7	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my kiss	36	5	declarative	Fletcher Kevin_C	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	cause they 're they 're all they are they are all do n't want	61	14	declarative	Fletcher Julie_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't hurt you do n't wan na hurt other people	61	12	declarative	Fletcher Julie_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	cause she did n't want it	59	6	question	Fletcher Nicola_L	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	62	5	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	62	6	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want running	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Stuart_B	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	63	5	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't wan na be	62	7	declarative	Fletcher Michael_H	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	it 's got a bit up cause we do n't want it standing on the roof	62	16	declarative	Fletcher Michael_H	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but I do n't wan na do another guessing	58	10	declarative	Fletcher Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	62	4	declarative	Fletcher Claire_H	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	mum	mum	Target_Child	because my mum did n't wan na get the bus	60	10	declarative	Fletcher Michael_D	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them in the same place	60	11	declarative	Fletcher Rachel_X	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	60	5	declarative	Fletcher Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't wan na	60	6	declarative	Fletcher Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't wan na	60	6	declarative	Fletcher Thomas	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't cause I did n't want it	36	9	declarative	Fletcher Louise_M	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be tiger any more	36	9	declarative	Fletcher Natalie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them again cause there	36	8	declarative	Fletcher Natalie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na turn it round	36	8	declarative	Fletcher Natalie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Fletcher Robbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Emmy	Emmy	Target_Child	pizza Emmy do n't want eat it	22	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Emily do n't I do n't want this	22	8	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	22	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Emmy Emmy what 's the matter cause I do n't want go sleep get up	22	15	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na and after bed time then go nap eating dinner Daddy	22	15	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want sleep here	22	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want a water	22	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	now we do n't wan na haf ta put water any other for this	22	14	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na lie	23	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the blanket on	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blankets on	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blanket in	23	7	imperative_emphatic	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na bed	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	23	4	trail	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in bed	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in bed	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na go nap	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na go nap	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the tiger	23	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything night night	23	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na heh	24	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take it I might be	24	10	trail	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na like the Hansel and Gretel book	24	11	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Emmy	Emmy	Target_Child	but Emmy do n't wan na put clothes on my	24	10	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	24	4	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na dress	24	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	though I do n't wan na watch little kitty	24	9	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	every I do n't want	24	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Emmi	Emmi	Target_Child	Emmi does n't want a nap	24	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my fall down	24	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the friends in my bed	24	9	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Robert	Robert	Target_Child	Robert does n't wan na	25	5	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want it	25	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go at all I I wan na rest	25	13	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to sleep	26	8	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go sleep	26	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go n night	26	8	imperative_emphatic	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	28	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to run outside	28	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pee	28	6	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with Rob	31	8	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want her to	31	7	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	27	4	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want spiders	28	3	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Daddy go in here	31	7	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na wear the balloon	32	9	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want	32	4	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na uh I can hear	36	10	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go see grandpa Dan	37	9	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	one two three one two three um I do n't wan na mess them up	41	15	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want him batting at it	41	9	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	41	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	that	that	Target_Child	it will not because nobody because because I 'm the person that does n't want people to get gas just me	41	21	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah because I do n't want a lot of people arguing with the toys that people are playing with	43	19	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did not I do n't want it anymore	43	10	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say it	44	7	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but I do n't wan na tell you	46	9	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read it	47	8	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	remember I told you if you were sleeping I would just and if you do n't wan na wake up I 'll just wake up and go feed the cat for you	47	32	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see anybody sick	48	8	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I remember but I just do n't wan na say it	49	11	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	50	5	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play of the same kind of pet store	50	13	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it away	51	8	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he he just he did n't he nothing happened to him and remember what the um hm t v but he did n't wan na make t v he went into the	54	32	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	yeah I colored it and I found something and did n't wan na lose it so I wrapped it up in here	54	22	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh yeah but I do n't want it	57	8	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na	28	6	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it inna my in my pocket	29	10	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in my pocket	29	8	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in my pocket	29	8	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want wear it	29	6	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na lost that one	32	9	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the rest of it	39	9	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't wan na take a picture	30	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want I do n't want dis to go in your mouth	31	15	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to go in mouth	31	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him here	31	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take that on there	31	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on this tushion	31	9	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with my sticker book	31	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na ride on that bicycle	31	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na jump into this sticker book	31	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	31	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	Daddy Daddy did n't wan na det off	31	8	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's mean I did n't wan na swim	31	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pet him	32	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na find a new page	33	11	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you you ca n't play with that because it 's special and you do n't wan na break this	33	19	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	because they 're special and you and you do n't wan na break them	33	14	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play anymore	34	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na thread in my sock	34	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na talk to Santa	34	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it	34	5	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want any microphones	35	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any microphones	35	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na tape with you	35	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	35	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I no I do n't wan na play	35	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Abu	Abu	Target_Child	Abu did n't wan na wake up	35	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I and I did n't wan na watch the termite part	35	12	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na take a picture	35	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na work	36	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be I do n't wan na be in love	36	14	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be in love	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be in line	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na play anymore	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	36	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jessie	Jessie	Target_Child	Jessie did n't wan na she was tired	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go home I 'm doing good	36	11	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk to you either	36	9	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk to ya	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk to ya	36	8	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na talk to ya too	36	10	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk to ya about it	36	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't want me to pet	36	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play anymore	36	7	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't want me to go into the woods	37	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	38	6	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	and you do n't wan na me and Mommy got it for him	39	13	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na bake any more food Carey	39	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na swim right now	39	8	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	when you do n't want it spit it out in the garbage	39	12	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na roll cars right now	39	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that I wan na make you some food	39	14	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	why does your cats why does your cats why 's your why do your cats your cats jump up on the seats and do n't wan na play	40	28	question	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Playdoh	Playdoh	Target_Child	why does this Playdoh do n't wan na come out	40	10	question	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	it 's because she does n't want her bear	50	9	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this one hold it	52	10	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	29	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na play	29	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na hop I do n't wan na hop	29	13	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na	29	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want these do n't want those	29	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do this	29	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk I do n't wan na talk to him	30	14	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na play house	30	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't want do n't wan na talk to me do n't wan na	30	14	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na talk to me	30	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my grandpa Bunch	32	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	33	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na this	33	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this anymore no no no	33	11	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	then do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na can you do it	33	10	question	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	34	4	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want those	34	3	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that sock	34	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	34	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	maybe you do n't want that	38	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want a I did n't want a that already	39	12	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I wan na do it now	42	11	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you played that and you did n't wan na	42	10	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he is he do n't wan na ah	45	9	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na draw some animals	45	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't know because I do n't want because he has funny nose	45	14	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	I ca n't because because he did n't wan na anymore	45	11	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na do that some other time	45	12	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na go to school	45	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	yeah it does n't wan na come out	46	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go wiff you	46	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	47	6	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a few	47	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a few	47	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a few	47	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't wan na tell her some I I do n't wan na tell her anything else can I have a cookie	47	24	question	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	I	I	Target_Child	I wo n't want anoder one	47	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell it	47	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	be because I just made it yesterday an and I do n't wan na break it	50	16	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	okay but I do n't wan na do this	50	9	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk	50	6	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na talk about this	50	12	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want them to move	50	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na to listen	50	8	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	his name is I do n't wan na tell you	52	10	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't wan na do this	52	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Karen to come	52	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mommy I do n't want Karen to come	52	9	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't wan na talk about anything Mommy	52	10	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk about anything	52	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hunt prize I did n't win it I did n't win	52	16	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na read about dat right now	52	11	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to guess	52	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it	52	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na	52	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	52	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to break though	54	8	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it out	54	7	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	somebody	somebody	Target_Child	but what if someone needs medicine if somebody did n't wan na die and and a train comes and and there 's and there 's something that I do n't wan na fall in and it 's lava and and it goes back and and it died	54	47	question	Weist Roman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na share	33	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	34	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with him	34	8	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	34	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pay	34	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I does n't wan na do that	37	8	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't wan na put the Barney shirt on first	37	12	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na yet	37	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na	39	6	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you 're doing silly thing to me and I do n't wan na	39	13	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want this one	43	7	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na put away	43	8	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na be with me little	44	8	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	49	5	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	and they do n't wan na miss again	29	8	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you near my baby	29	8	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Scamp	Scamp	Target_Child	but Scamp did n't wan na go	30	7	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't wan na go to school	30	8	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	they were just following me but she did n't wan na play with the baby monsters	30	16	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	I brought for you to you were sad you did n't want this	30	13	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	and then you did n't want that	30	7	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	this little boy when I was old I did n't want this	30	12	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh dad I ca n't I do n't wan na I 'll get scared in the dark	31	17	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na ask a question	34	9	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want Margaret 's milk	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it tied	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it to hurt	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any fresh milk	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want the scissors	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything on it	31	8	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it no	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the whipped cream	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any potato	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	31	4	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to do me	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	now Papa takes that out do n't want it	31	9	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't wan na go to sleep	31	8	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go to Mamma	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any that kind I do n't like these	31	12	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want it cold	31	6	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want her feet warm	31	7	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want zat	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want zat	31	5	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't want her sharp little claws brought out	31	10	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Helen	Helen	Target_Child	Helen do n't wan na be warmed up	31	8	declarative	Haggerty Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	18	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want sit in there	23	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the jam really	23	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want juice	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want spoon	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want butter	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Jwww go out a meeting	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to get mine	25	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I get I do n't want you to get my napkin	25	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	25	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go	26	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want salt	27	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want that toast	27	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I really do n't want want have it	27	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	28	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your eggy	28	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I really do n't want it	28	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	because she do n't want	29	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Mummy	Mummy	Target_Child	Mummy Mummy Mummy do n't wan na play	29	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want packet	30	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	somebody	somebody	Target_Child	somebody do n't want see my butt	30	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	somebody	somebody	Target_Child	somebody do n't want see my butt	30	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want a	31	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't have a I do n't want it	32	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat	32	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	please but I do n't want my cheese in half	32	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another piece	32	6	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	er something I do n't wan na have a fit	36	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	36	5	trail	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my fork	37	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want tell anybody want tell myself	37	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them but I like them	37	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	37	3	interruption	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	anybody	anybody	Target_Child	hey anybody does n't want any milk	37	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	39	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that why I do n't want him to	39	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	because the baby does n't want you to	39	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	39	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	39	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	40	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want anybody to	41	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	41	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my flowers	41	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	yeah but we do n't wan na	41	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	41	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but maybe I do n't want it in my purse anymore	41	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my baby um	42	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that	42	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	42	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Fifi	Fifi	Target_Child	but but of course Fifi does n't want Mommy	42	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you seeing on your on the top of it	42	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to spill	43	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na look at you	50	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	50	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want	50	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na give you	50	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	50	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want you to	50	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I need more bun	50	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to talk to me	50	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na keep that I do n't want that I want mine	50	15	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Mummy	Mummy	Target_Child	because Mummy do n't want girls are	50	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	51	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	51	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want my leaves	51	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest of mine	51	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this heart	51	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	51	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na taste it	51	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want to read	55	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just I do n't wan na see I do n't wan na see anything look I just wan na walk around	55	22	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go with anyone	55	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing now tape+recorder	55	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	I do n't know but we do n't wan na make a mess	70	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tea to get cold	70	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na die	58	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	20	2	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	20	2	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	21	3	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	21	2	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no wan na	21	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't wan na	21	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do not want lunch	22	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	22	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	22	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Laura	Laura	Target_Child	Laura do n't wan na	22	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Laura	Laura	Target_Child	Laura do n't wan na go upstairs	22	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want peels	22	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Deedee	Deedee	Target_Child	Deedee do n't want talk	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat my cereal	23	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want seat belt on	23	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Lorine	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want eat it	23	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go Doctor Reisman	23	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	23	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na change my diapers	23	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ticket	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her	24	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want Mama	24	3	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want scary man pick me up	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Tiffany have	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Tiffany have my car	25	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my breakfast	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	25	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want poo bathtub	25	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want burn my pee pee place	25	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair doned	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my face washed	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair brushed	25	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yours milk	26	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yours	26	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your milk in my cup	26	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bike parked	26	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you do it for me	26	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my pee pee place	26	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cradle	26	5	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want somebody see my bottom	27	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my bottom	27	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	27	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't wan na know you	27	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it like that	28	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	was	be	I	I	Target_Child	because I was n't want you	28	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go store	28	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go big water	28	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go big water	28	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go big water	28	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I guess I do n't wan na open it my window	28	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yep I do n't wan na go in deep water	28	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want allbody see my pishie place	28	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Devon frighten me	28	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want be shaked	29	6	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want get hit by he truck right	29	10	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na drink this terrible apple juice because it 's terrible	29	14	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want he hit me	29	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't want me ride she 's horsie	30	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	it 's okay because I do n't wan na drink it and I 'm not thirsty	31	16	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	would	would	I	I	Target_Child	I would n't wan na do it	31	7	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	Daddy Jo does n't want get the paper and I do n't wan na	32	14	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one eat my breakfast	33	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want anyone to bit me	33	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one to say this yucky	33	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na help Joanna be a mommy to me	34	12	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see any of my friends	34	10	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	if somebody hit me I would say I do n't want be hitted	34	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want Peanuts to fight Katie do we	34	10	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get your germs	35	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get your sore throat	35	9	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Katie to come in because we let Peanuts in	35	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na hear their nonsense	36	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na hear their nonsense	36	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no no I do n't want no one to clean my face	37	13	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now you better take it out and throw it away because I do n't wan na see any more dead fish	37	21	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a grow a baby	38	8	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody to think I 'm a man	38	11	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I made a lot of poo poo and it took me a lot of minutes because I did n't wan na make it on the way to the Lastnames'	40	29	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	45	6	declarative	VanKleeck Amy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na put it there	48	9	declarative	VanKleeck Andrew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	44	7	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	44	5	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with this	44	8	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I think I do n't want you to do that	45	11	declarative	VanKleeck Graham	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	46	5	declarative	VanKleeck Bree	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it	46	7	declarative	VanKleeck Justin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on it	46	8	declarative	VanKleeck Justin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	no she does n't want it	47	6	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want any	47	5	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't know I do n't want a cup	47	10	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be in here	42	8	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with this anymore	42	9	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with these	42	8	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with this	42	8	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make it	42	7	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that stuff	47	6	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	47	6	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do nothing	47	7	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na blow bubbles	47	7	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no nothing else I do n't wan na play with	47	10	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	VanKleeck Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	34	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	who	who	Target_Child	that 's a little dog who does n't wan na go night night	35	13	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't wan na go night night	35	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that in there	35	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book	36	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see the book	31	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na no	31	5	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na sit on that on the couch	34	12	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read that	35	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear my voice	34	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look at the book anymore	34	10	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na listen	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na read a book	33	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh I do n't wan na I wan na I need ta make pee pee	33	15	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a prize	29	6	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book	33	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book	33	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that book	33	8	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want this book	33	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that book	33	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want that	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	trail	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that book	33	7	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with the microphone	33	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read that book	33	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that book	33	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to show me	30	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in this room	29	9	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um eyesh I do n't wan na read that book anymore	29	11	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I do n't wan na do this anymore	59	13	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mm I do n't wan na	59	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na	59	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	um and this is left and this this is um right and and and and he did n't wan na be left	56	22	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see	56	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy this this this just look at them and do n't read them because I do n't wan na read them	56	21	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	48	6	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	48	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	48	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	48	5	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	60	5	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	60	5	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I mean they can but I do n't want you to do that	55	13	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want this one	30	4	declarative	Morisset Heather	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it up there	30	7	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go	30	5	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in there	30	7	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want you write that	30	8	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I do n't wan na	30	10	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you put it up there	30	9	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it up there	30	9	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want horsies	30	5	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want those	30	4	declarative	Morisset Paul	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play no more	30	8	declarative	Morisset Brandon	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want ta color	30	4	declarative	Morisset Cassie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Roger	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want it though	30	6	declarative	Morisset Ashley	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want something to drink	30	7	declarative	Morisset TJ	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Tonisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	declarative	Morisset Tonisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset Jeremy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat	30	6	declarative	Morisset Taisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	39	5	declarative	Morisset Mohammed	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta have it later	30	8	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta play with them later	30	8	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	trail	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play with the blocks	30	9	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta I do n't want ta play those on the floor	30	15	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want his	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want two	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	30	4	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	30	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cookie	30	6	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na sleep	39	6	interruption	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play	39	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta fix it	39	7	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	39	6	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see it no more	39	9	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta stand up	30	7	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more juice	30	7	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me get wet	30	6	declarative	Morisset Jenny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want juice	30	5	declarative	Morisset Ty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Ty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in here	30	6	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want in here	30	6	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	30	4	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Morisset Renee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit in here	30	8	declarative	Morisset Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na in here	30	7	declarative	Morisset Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	it	it	Target_Child	think it do n't want ta fit	30	7	declarative	Morisset Candice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my crackers	30	6	declarative	Morisset Candice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another cracker	30	6	declarative	Morisset Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset Lisa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Lisa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	Morisset David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Morisset Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	30	4	declarative	Morisset John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan ta	30	4	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	30	3	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	30	4	declarative	Morisset Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't want	66	5	declarative	Hicks Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they did n't want him in church	66	8	declarative	Hicks Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he did not wan na give away his balloon	66	10	imperative_emphatic	Hicks Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	and since he did not wan na give away his balloon	66	11	declarative	Hicks Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	did	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they did not want balloon in churchy	66	8	declarative	Hicks Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want kleenex	27	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want hat from Mrs Wood	27	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him there	27	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	27	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that book	27	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na shave the the doll	27	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cranberry juice	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do n't I my wipe the fork off	28	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake in my Maya	28	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the finger	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the finger	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put I do n't want on my other leg	28	14	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because because I do n't wan na	28	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want take the pieces off	28	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	28	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go bed	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tickle	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	28	3	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the diaper off	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pajamas on	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want go to bed	29	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go bed Momma	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he was do n't wan na be in the refrigerator	29	10	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see Debbie	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want go in the bath+tub	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't he do n't want he do n't want a bone	29	13	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	dogs	dog	Target_Child	he those dogs do n't want the bone	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	and he do n't want some	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't he do n't he do n't want eat this bone	29	13	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	cause we do n't wan na eat bones	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na stand it up here	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	I do n't he do n't want a band aid on	29	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want he do n't want a band aid on	29	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want a blanket on	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them together	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wrap him up	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders today	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders on	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want suspenders	29	5	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want pigtails	29	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na	29	3	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na Mommy	29	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want the ponytail on	29	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want pigtails and ponytails	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na brush my hair	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want brush my hair	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a pigtail	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	29	4	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want a cup	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	uh her do n't want take a bath Mommy	29	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want her want clothes on	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bath	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want a bath	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want it in her eyes	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want it in her eyes	29	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	her	she	Target_Child	her do n't want soap in her	29	7	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a pot for I do n't wan na rinse her with a pot	29	17	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a windy	29	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water falling	29	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they they do n't want lettuce and not and they not tomatoes	29	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pigtail	33	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no we I do n't wan na go to Maggie 's	33	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	oh he does n't wan na ride	33	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na to	33	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't wan na go to Maggie	33	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put clothes on me	33	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read it to you	34	10	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it to you	34	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear them on now	34	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	would you do n't want eat my food any more	34	10	question	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't wan na play with him right now	34	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want that boy to look at him says	35	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't want	35	3	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	dollies	dolly	Target_Child	dollies do n't wan na get these	35	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that story	35	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any story	35	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read	35	7	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on me now	36	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't because I do n't wan na read that story now	36	13	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	36	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	the he do n't want have a temperature	36	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	people	people	Target_Child	uh when people do n't want it	36	7	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na fix it	37	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want a bench	37	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want	37	4	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na finish this story	38	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	queen	queen	Target_Child	this queen does n't want me to eat her cereal all up	38	12	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my jersey on	38	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na	38	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this this this	38	9	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the dolly	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want her to tell me	38	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na screw any of them on here	38	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	and they do n't wan na say poo poo	39	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want supper	39	6	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want supper	39	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play any more	39	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jersey on	39	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yikes I do n't want do n't	39	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I just I do n't wan na play any more	39	11	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it away	39	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on the train	39	8	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na go hopping any more	39	9	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	because she does n't want any food	39	7	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	17	6	declarative	Tardif Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na	17	9	declarative	Tardif Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh uh I do n't want it	18	7	declarative	Tardif Keith	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na stay	20	6	declarative	Tardif Melissa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	Tardif Tyler	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look all these pictures anymore okay	40	11	question	Bliss Melissa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Bliss Terra	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want do no more	59	6	declarative	Bliss Terra	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want do no more	59	6	declarative	Bliss Terra	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na eat like that	67	8	declarative	Bliss Denise	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	Laura did n't come to the party because she did n't wan na	48	13	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	mom	mom	Target_Child	but I was home and my my mom did n't want me go	48	13	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't want me go to Donna 's house	48	10	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't want me go to Donna 's house	48	10	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Sandy	Sandy	Target_Child	Sandy did n't wan na get a sh a big shot	48	11	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I went to my dad and I do n't want that other kind of food	60	16	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na get chlorine in it	60	10	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want a filling but my mom kept pushing them and I haf ta take it out Monday and eat candy	60	23	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want them but I still have a filling	60	11	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	driver	driver	Target_Child	my bus driver did n't want me to tell anybody about it	60	12	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	yeah and we got a brand new wagon but we did n't wan na tell because this was a secret	60	20	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Jamie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him and now them are eating	32	10	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Jamie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want that	29	5	declarative	NewEngland Colin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na come out I	32	9	trail	NewEngland Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	28	6	declarative	NewEngland Abigail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I I do n't have some	31	10	declarative	NewEngland Eleanor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na use that	19	6	declarative	NewEngland Norman	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it anymore	32	9	declarative	NewEngland Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	why why why she why she does n't want us to sit in chair	31	14	question	NewEngland Kristen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color	29	6	declarative	NewEngland Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go night night	31	7	declarative	NewEngland Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	20	5	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want bottle	23	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	25	2	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	25	2	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a tower	25	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want a tower	25	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	25	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want it	25	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that	26	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want hiding	25	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want mummy	25	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want that	26	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	26	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	26	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want that	26	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	26	2	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on	26	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want kiss it better	27	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	28	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that one	28	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	29	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bib on	29	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want socks on	29	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with it	29	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	27	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	27	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that now	27	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	27	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want skin	29	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a bridge	30	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	30	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want pink	30	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this paper now	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my my my neenaw	30	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this now	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want draw with blue	30	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this juice	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my coat	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	31	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	if you do n't want it if you do n't want it mummy you haf ta leave it	31	18	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that other picture	31	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na draw a chicken	31	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those two	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bottle	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want anymore	31	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sleeping Beauty	31	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na sit up on the side	32	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want car	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want this one	32	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do that	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want two	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na put away	32	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want put it away	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that page	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one now	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do not want this	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want hot milk	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my hairband in	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Lara	Lara	Target_Child	Lara does n't do n't wan na be tortoise	32	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read Cat in the Hat	32	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	you do n't I do n't want this story	32	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I 'm do n't want these books	32	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	32	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some of yours	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want poorly feet	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my blue one	32	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put them in there	33	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you to go	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do it	32	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Peter Rabbit	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that pillow	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Amy to read pictures	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that bit	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want the monsters	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I want this blue	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want everybody	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit lie down	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want Amy and mummy	33	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mummy	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	33	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	33	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because because I do n't wan na really	33	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na play with that	34	12	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want your tape on	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with it again	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one on	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the blue pen	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I need er I need the bricks	34	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want green one	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the sun	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it on my head	34	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want come shop with you	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all the animals	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want it on my hair	34	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na choke	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want me	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	34	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na he says	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	34	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na haf ta	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na use any	34	7	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a bobble in	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a turn	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want little boy to	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	34	4	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want the wobbly chair	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pretend mummy	34	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a bike on my head	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything for lunch	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cut it up	34	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to cut it	34	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a jigsaw	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	35	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on Amy 's head	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give this to Amy	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cake	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that little one	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't want any hair on me	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like I want this	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of my dinner	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want really want it all	35	8	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lots of mummy 's	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in the bath	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play ballies now	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want do n't like you to	35	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to eat mine	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that milk	35	5	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another one	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want it on	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of mine	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na be a clown	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on the other one	35	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with this	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch you	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na leave all day	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na leave my toast out all day	35	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a plate	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want banana	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more lemonade	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that one now	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read that one	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a look at some photos	35	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to fall over	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my snack	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do a teddy+bear	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want his hat on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	35	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get her	35	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with the lego any more	35	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go that way	35	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	35	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want	35	5	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to climb up me	35	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that hat on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make his body up nice	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na mummy	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it away	36	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it away	36	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put away	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the pans	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want any more mummy	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my drink	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Amy to sit there	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the horsie	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to sit on the neenaw	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to you Amy squamy	36	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want their picnic	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't put it properly	36	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this biscuit	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want another one	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hold it	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hold it up	36	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want her hat on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want cheese	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Abi	Abi	Target_Child	Abi Abi does n't want that bread	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na because he 's lying in bed	36	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't wan na	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my bobble in	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	36	3	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that cushion	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do counting	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color now	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want soy sauce	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na iron that	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want circles	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na get dressed	36	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want socks	36	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want them on	36	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bread	36	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the fish in it	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want green one	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play ball	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bricks	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na phone her up	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that brick	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those ones	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want all those bricks	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	do you know I said at nursery we said I said I do n't want those currants	37	17	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you make king now	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do the Moroccan one	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na stick down	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this book now	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do his tongue	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that coloring book	37	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	37	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play mummy and baby	37	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play snap now	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na play snap	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the lion	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play this anymore	37	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na share the bricks	37	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Amy to get the field	37	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	37	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that in	37	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want three on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that Barbie	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do any more	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do anymore	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want take the jigsaw back to the shop	38	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat you	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do exercises	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't want it	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to cry	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na get my things	38	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that jigsaw	38	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do anymore	38	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her	38	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	if you do n't wan na do any sticking	39	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that on mine	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and I 'm just wondering if we do n't want it	39	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na do it	39	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want his tail back on	39	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I had it for my birthday but I did n't want it	39	12	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want slinky for christmas	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my hairband on	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na	39	6	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to get my field	39	9	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want my	39	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	39	4	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	I do n't do n't wan na	39	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want play with this	39	7	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want like this one	39	7	question	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	I think she does n't wan na go to bed	39	10	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na move anything	39	8	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to do n't wan na	39	11	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to	20	3	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to say bye to Baxter	26	9	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to ride a train	27	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to go swimming	27	7	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want to eat them	27	7	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Taylor to play with it	28	9	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to take a nap	29	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no wan na play with the dollhouse	30	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to take a picture	34	8	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	34	5	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it	27	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	33	4	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to wear it	35	6	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to color	35	4	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want play	29	3	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want the bird eat them	29	7	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want spill it	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	eat do n't want eat it	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tiger	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my tiger	29	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	33	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want eat my cookie	33	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want eat the pig cookie	33	8	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want later	33	5	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the tiger	32	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	puppies	puppy	Target_Child	puppies do n't want get wet	32	6	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	piggy	piggy	Target_Child	this piggy do n't want to sleep	35	7	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want to get horse	35	7	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	27	4	declarative	Davis Hannah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I do n't wan na watch em right now	33	10	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want more	32	6	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want cut em	32	5	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I do n't wan na take that on	32	9	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and and I do n't want that on	36	8	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want little one	36	4	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cuz I I do n't want anybody to change	36	9	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Maggie I do n't wan na go	36	7	declarative	Davis Nick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	28	4	declarative	Davis Rowan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want this book	32	4	declarative	Davis Rowan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	34	5	declarative	Davis Rowan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	one	one	Target_Child	this one no want it	26	5	declarative	Feldman Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no because because I do n't wan na to do it theday	52	12	declarative	Belfast Johnny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na play with	43	8	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one on there	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Ethan wrecking all	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na catch a fish	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want up here	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	it 's saying I do n't want up here	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him coming over	43	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he does he does n't want it	43	8	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want it	43	5	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Ethan to get it	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Mommy	Mommy	Target_Child	no Mommy do n't want Mommy	43	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na ride the horse	43	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah and I did n't wan na go out	42	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go on	42	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	I think he does n't want caught	42	7	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	it does n't want caught	42	5	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't want caught	42	4	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want caught	42	5	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	fish	fish	Target_Child	that fish does n't want caught	42	6	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	fish	fish	Target_Child	Mum that fish does n't want caught	42	7	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	one	one	Target_Child	I w that one does n't want caught	42	8	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do I do n't wan na do it again	45	10	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want you to put them in	48	9	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read it	29	6	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't wan na see a bat anywhere	33	9	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	um alright no wan na see this one	35	8	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na go anywhere	35	8	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no like three no want the yots	38	7	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want lunch	52	5	declarative	Belfast Christian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	26	4	declarative	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	48	5	declarative	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	do you not wan na make the castle	50	8	question	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play a game	50	8	declarative	Belfast David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	43	7	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see that one	43	8	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give it to mummie	43	9	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any toys	43	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na be hitten and k killed	46	10	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anybody want a fire	46	8	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't want any	49	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a Penguin	52	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat it myself	52	8	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to	52	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	53	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na go	53	7	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't wan na go	53	7	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	53	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come just	53	7	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	53	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	53	6	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want you	28	3	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	33	5	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	31	4	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them	31	4	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them to	44	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my off	45	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	45	5	trail	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	45	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on	45	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want them on	45	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	48	5	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that big not that	48	9	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	monkey	monkey	Target_Child	monkey does n't want juice	48	5	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	monkey	monkey	Target_Child	monkey does n't want any juice	48	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't wan na go on holidays	48	9	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want that	48	6	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jeans on me	48	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Greta to see	48	7	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	Target_Child	you not want any	54	4	question	Belfast Conor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have that one	31	8	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na put this old lipstick on me	42	10	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	when you throw this I 'll throw this down when I do n't want it	42	15	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	46	5	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it	47	6	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see this	47	7	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	ones	one	Target_Child	and the lazy the lazy ones did n't wan na eat	50	11	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	50	6	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see stories now	50	8	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one on	50	7	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mummy I do n't want my bobble	50	7	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't wan na do it	52	8	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	28	4	declarative	Bates Sue	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no	28	4	declarative	Bates Sue	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want be here	28	6	declarative	Bates Keith	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in in waiting room	28	9	declarative	Bates Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	28	6	declarative	Bates Pete	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	23	4	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Cheerios	23	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	23	4	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	25	4	question	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	26	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put it back on the table	27	11	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	33	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na get up	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na get up	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat white	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	35	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my bathrobe on	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them on	35	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	whoops I do n't want this	35	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Taki	Taki	Target_Child	Taki does n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	38	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want them to happen	38	8	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	38	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get this dress on me when I did n't	40	14	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cut it out	40	8	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to tear it out	40	9	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na close it	39	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na wake up	41	6	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	that 's why he did n't want talk	41	8	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	and he did n't wan na look	41	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	44	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do these	44	7	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to summer camp	55	9	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't want any	55	5	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's why I do n't wan na to go to the doctor 's	55	14	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I know you do n't wan na say it but you haf ta	55	13	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Kim	Kim	Target_Child	oh Kim did n't wan na say anything	55	8	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	because the baby does n't want the tiger to eat her	57	11	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	48	6	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Norma	Norma	Target_Child	and Norma Sheep did n't wan na get her curls wet	48	11	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na go so fast because because he 's falling down had ta go in the hospital now	60	22	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	my	my	Target_Child	my does n't want some	31	5	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	me	I	Target_Child	me does n't want him	32	5	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	Daddy does n't want some egg	33	6	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	I	I	Target_Child	I does n't want it	33	5	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	I	I	Target_Child	I does n't want a pastry	33	6	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	I	I	Target_Child	I does n't want a spoon to break it all up	33	11	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	me	I	Target_Child	me does n't want that	33	5	declarative	Cruttenden Jane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	teddy	teddy	Target_Child	teddy do n't want to fringe cut	30	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want to	33	5	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't want my little one	33	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to go to bed	34	8	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some more jelly	36	7	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	23	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want envelope	23	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want soup	23	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some soup	23	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you	25	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na bite it	25	8	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	25	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear it	25	7	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mayonnaise	26	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mayonnaise I have tapioca	26	8	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mm I do n't want you to	27	7	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	her	she	Target_Child	her did n't wan na	27	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tapioca	26	5	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	because she does n't want it	26	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want little one	27	6	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no want pencil	28	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want stand head	30	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want dat open	30	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want ta sit dere	30	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na sit seat	30	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	31	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	truck	truck	Target_Child	fire truck do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want some	31	5	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	sure do n't want sure you do n't want some	31	10	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	okay you do n't want a spoon	31	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want a spoon	31	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want hat on	32	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want book	32	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't do n't want have lunch	33	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want pretend do n't dat meat	33	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't do n't do n't want play games	33	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want play games	33	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want one	34	3	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want put in chair	34	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want it	34	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	simply do n't want it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want bean in there	34	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I simply do n't want doughnuts over library	34	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want some water	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want like water	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want remember	34	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want drink it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no no do n't wan na go home	34	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	mixers	mixer	Target_Child	mixers do n't wan na go home	34	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want blow	34	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want blow it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na back	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me pull it	34	6	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want me pull it firetruck	34	7	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want wear it	34	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want shoot you Thursday	34	6	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na like it	35	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want some money	35	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a building	35	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta look both ways	36	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta look both ways	36	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look both ways	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na see it	36	7	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit down	36	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sit down just like	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a chimney house	36	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that stuff on me	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a deep breath	36	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat stuff on me	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make it bigger	36	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	37	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na screw it	37	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be the jury goofy birdie	37	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na dump it	37	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cover on it	37	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed again	38	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	what you say you do n't want some bottles	38	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want his	38	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	Mommy you do n't want some	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want some supper	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	coffee I do n't want coffee	38	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	38	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na see what 's	39	8	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to take it out Mommy	39	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want David to have binoculars	39	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis one I pretending	39	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	40	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want crayons	40	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no man in there	40	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat to move too fast	40	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pretend	40	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want somebody to wake me up	40	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	41	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	why you say I do n't wan na have a kitty	41	11	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say it	41	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to break	41	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall	41	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my building knock down	41	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Paul to knock my building down	41	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to have my blocks	41	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na build my building	41	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to leave it	41	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pretend to be	43	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	43	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	43	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na	43	5	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the bird to get eated	43	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do	44	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta Italy	44	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it all by myself	44	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta cut it	44	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to fall apart	44	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to disappeared	44	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't wan na make dis	44	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear it	44	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta sing dat	45	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	45	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Paul to catch it	45	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to ride it	46	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to keep coming off	46	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na ride in dis car	46	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis go on	46	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na crawl under the bed	46	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	because you do n't want it up in dere	46	9	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	46	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a fish	47	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get in dat	47	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want no gas	47	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want no	47	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that thing in my truck	47	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no people to recognize me	47	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I just do n't want nothing in dere	48	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	48	5	question	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta sit on my bed	48	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him tear my books either	49	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	49	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wan na eat fish on dere	49	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him do that to me	50	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do dat for Paul	50	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want ta play with it now	51	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make	51	6	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make dat	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis one	51	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now I do n't want de piece	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fire engine	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta kill birds dat are nice	51	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want nobody to wear my glasses	51	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	Mom he does n't want dem on	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	see he does n't want them on	51	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I got old cup I do n't want dat cup	52	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my cup dirty	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta use my old	52	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta have a wet cup	52	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat on dere	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like black crayons I want a blue crayon	52	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta make dat one I want ta make the other one	52	15	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it off	53	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on a	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	53	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want yours torn up	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	look I do n't want it to break	53	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	if you let someone look at it dat means you do n't want you do n't like it	54	18	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na share none of my books	54	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want ta break dis top because I need it	54	13	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta get no more	54	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my animals get killed	54	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more dan dat	52	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no but I do n't want you to	52	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	52	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do channel four	52	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	55	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis Mommy	55	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Paul get caught	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want ta lick it	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na shoot vaccines	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta put dem on someping because they are so small I do n't want ta lose dem	55	20	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	'm	be	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na clean it because I 'm	55	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	55	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	dey	dey	Target_Child	dey do n't want no ladies dat have so many children	55	11	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want dis one	55	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	maybe he does n't want	57	5	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	maybe he does n't want me take care of him	57	10	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hole in it	57	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this Mommy	57	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it dat color	57	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be a monkey	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta go under the bottom of the sea	58	12	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na	58	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta practice no more	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fish biting me	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fish biting me	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat suit	58	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do it	58	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that piece of paper	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be staying here	58	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	58	7	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	they	they	Target_Child	I was gon ta make some twins beds but they does n't want the twins fell off	58	17	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta make a orange	62	9	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be	62	7	trail	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	62	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	62	5	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Ursula	Ursula	Target_Child	Ursula does n't wan na see my rocket	62	8	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta forget you	62	7	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a ball	62	6	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want ta use my pretty ones no more I will use my old bang	62	19	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want book	33	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	den he do n't want see	33	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go away	38	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't wan na	38	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na give her the wrong thing	39	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na draw a picture a you	39	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na know	39	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cereal	39	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't I did n't wan na	40	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na Mommy	40	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want	41	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he do n't wan na play school here	42	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	42	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want do my home+work on it	42	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any these	42	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no trouble	42	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in the towel	43	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	43	4	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na bring you	44	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	44	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	45	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	45	4	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go down	45	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sandra	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Sandra	45	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	do n't look I do n't wan na spank ya	46	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	46	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get up	47	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to sleep yet	48	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on there	49	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want meatball	49	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	49	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	49	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want look pretty	49	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he he did n't want no	49	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	51	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yes but I do n't wan na talk about it	51	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	53	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I found her but I do n't want you to see her though	53	13	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put my shoes on	53	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tie	53	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color	53	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na color the blocks	53	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no one to peek at it	53	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	53	6	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	54	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to say that	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	54	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na draw nothing	54	10	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	54	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to make me	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want school no more	54	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to say that	54	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	55	4	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	55	5	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear slippers	55	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a g	55	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know how to make coffee but I do n't wan na put the tea on there	55	17	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no milk	55	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the gum anyways	56	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na sleep over	57	6	question	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sleep over	57	7	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na now	57	6	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to write it down	57	8	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	well the man um let me have a broken one so we did n't want a broken one	58	18	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lose all my pennies	59	9	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want do I wan na do a clock	28	9	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wide home	30	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	dernie bwonk I do n't wan na go to bed	31	10	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want whe and where 's duh something on here	32	12	question	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want any more juice	33	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na like it	33	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I will I 'm not hungry because I I do n't want a pancake but when I get I can have a pancake	33	23	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he do n't want to	33	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it anymore	33	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	34	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no because I do n't wan na eat it	34	9	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more orange	34	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I when you say you do n't want your Cinny 's work	34	12	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any rice	34	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hit the sack	34	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want some	35	5	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want duh word either because I don like it	35	12	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	it it 's I do n't want it on dere because I don like it	35	15	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	but he do n't want anymore	35	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	so because I put dem away because I was I did n't wan na be able to get dem	36	19	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	36	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na read them	36	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na have it	37	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do dat I wan na do dis	37	13	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na do I do n't wan na go in our my car	36	17	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	I think he does n't want me	37	7	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	because he does n't want me	37	6	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he just do n't wants me to cover him	37	10	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	and and dere 's another gate dere 's a gate right here dere 's another gate if we do n't wan na go some place	38	25	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk to you	38	8	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want sit up	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brooke	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	40	6	declarative	VanHouten Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these toys	43	6	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	43	5	declarative	VanHouten Christopher	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Brian	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Adam	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na go home	39	8	declarative	VanHouten Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	want cup tea no	28	4	declarative	VanHouten Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	want cup tea no	28	4	declarative	VanHouten Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't wan na put this	40	11	trail	VanHouten Tommy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	guy	guy	Target_Child	that guy do n't wan na go on here like this	41	11	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	28	6	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	VanHouten Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her game no more	41	8	declarative	VanHouten Rebecca	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	20	4	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	baby do n't want that	21	5	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that opened	22	6	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit	22	6	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want food	18	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	18	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to tiger anymore	30	8	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	30	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na get the tree off	30	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	30	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Marky	Marky	Target_Child	and Marky do n't wan na too	32	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want him to	32	6	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	32	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want eat Marky	32	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to be the ghost	33	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a passport	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a passport	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na fight	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	pumpkin	pumpkin	Target_Child	no that pumpkin do n't wan na be a	34	9	trail	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na take this off	34	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	34	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I just do n't want it	34	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it right now	34	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that squirt	34	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	34	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um um I do n't wan na wear my softball shirt	34	11	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I said I do n't wan na	35	8	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	preschool locked and closed because I do n't wan na go to preschool anymore because that why I be a baker when I go to preschool and preschool kids see me when I 'm a baker	35	36	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my stick to be hit	35	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	39	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na eat dinner	39	7	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	Target_Child	I do n't want you yeah but I	39	8	trail	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wrong chitis	41	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	well maybe he does n't wan na	41	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't want my shirt to get in the poo 's way	42	14	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I said I did n't want breakfast when I was in my bed	42	14	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I did n't want it	42	6	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mark to have any beer because he will get excited	44	14	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	sure but I do n't wan na	52	7	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want life to be like that	52	9	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well that 's why I do n't wan na go	52	10	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	24	3	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	you did not want to you did not want to play you did not even to play with with the	29	20	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	24	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have my cereal	24	8	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na wake up	25	8	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this I want this	27	8	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that game	27	8	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't wan na take a bath	29	8	question	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	29	6	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	Mama you do n't want ivory four	29	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	31	2	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	31	5	interruption	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read this one	32	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read this one	32	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want this long one	32	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read these books	34	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make this	34	7	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	37	4	trail	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	37	4	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	37	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want	40	5	self	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	40	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	40	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	42	5	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want go my house	24	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want bagel	24	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my belly tickled	24	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want fix that	24	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to I do n't want to	25	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	25	3	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want to do	25	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	25	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Manuela	25	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to I do n't want to	26	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiss	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	26	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't want to	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	26	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my diapie	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	26	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want jump on it	27	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I get a boo boo	27	11	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to whine	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want whine	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to mom	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the microphone it 's yours	27	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	27	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	27	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know I do n't want to	28	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	28	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	29	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to you sit	29	8	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make cookies and I want to mm wan na go outside	29	16	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na go inside outside	29	6	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I go outside	29	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any songs	30	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to hook	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I want to do it myself	30	12	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	30	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to to eat this pretend	30	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na throw it away	30	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	30	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take a nap	31	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na draw the back of that	31	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it	31	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a picture	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go to school	31	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na eat them pretend	31	7	question	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	31	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come at the supermarket	31	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na come	31	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want egg I do n't like egg	32	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na turn the camera off	32	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read about it	33	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na get Play Doh	34	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the doctor Mom	34	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my party now	34	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na snort	34	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na tickle	35	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't wan na eat very much	35	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na eat because they do n't have their mouths open	35	14	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to be that	35	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	and then we went again and and we did n't want to talk to him	36	15	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na um um read a book	36	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na help	36	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to scratch your back it will hurt	37	11	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na show you these treats	37	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	38	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on me	38	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want to	38	4	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	38	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want you to break it because it 's cus it 's mine	38	16	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	40	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	40	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it clipped on	40	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want um	41	5	trail	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on	41	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	and then she did n't want it to be mine	41	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	and she did n't want to have it on	41	9	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	43	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want just one	43	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and and I do n't want dinner I and I do n't want a treat after that I want a lunch and then treat	43	24	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want string cheese	43	6	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	43	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want it	43	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's something else I do n't want to do	45	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	45	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I said I did n't wan na do that	45	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and guess what I also do n't want to do	45	10	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and guess what I do n't want	45	7	interruption	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	I	I	Target_Child	I wo n't do it but guess what I wo n't wan na do	45	14	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na take your other faces	45	7	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	46	5	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want that to happen	46	8	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want see it	20	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want	26	3	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want	26	3	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na park	27	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want you to hide	28	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	28	3	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want backpack	28	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na bike the bike I do n't wan na bike backpack	28	14	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't want backpack	28	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na dance	28	7	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	28	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do it	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na play tennis	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no I 'm playing no want that one the racket	29	10	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na play tennis	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na play that basketball	29	6	trail	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the shoes	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything	29	6	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	31	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	31	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no uhuh no I do n't want to	31	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to I do n't want to	31	11	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	31	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to mom	31	6	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want back+pack	31	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	31	6	trail	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	31	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear	32	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na downstairs	32	7	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want banana	33	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want face cloth	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want face cloth	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want bye baby	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I want you	35	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	35	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the waffles	35	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	35	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go this way I wan na go that way	35	14	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na play wan na play	35	10	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want any cheerios	36	9	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want	36	6	trail	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	get	get	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed you play a game and I dressed and then I come down	36	19	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	36	4	interruption	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	36	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this I want play puzzle	36	9	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't wan na grow grow in into a turtle	37	11	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	37	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want that I want Amanda go	37	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	only I do n't want to make them	37	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Sarah	Sarah	Target_Child	because Sarah do n't want to	37	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	37	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	37	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	here I do n't wan na fix	39	7	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na back	39	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that thing	39	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	39	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no want that	39	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want you there	38	4	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want read book	38	6	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book	38	8	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	38	5	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book I wan na go in the fire+truck	40	15	declarative	Providence William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	23	5	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	25	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want	26	2	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on me	27	7	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	27	5	self	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a ball	27	8	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you Mommy to throw it away	30	10	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that away	30	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na Mommy	30	6	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	30	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want snack	33	3	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na help	34	6	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na fix the tv	39	7	question	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play memory	39	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	39	5	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want this	40	3	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	40	4	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play anymore	40	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want my beans	40	7	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to put a glue over here	40	8	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na make a nose	40	9	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want it	41	9	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to carry it	23	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	oh no want to read the book again	22	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na read a book about ooching Loly Worm	22	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't want to fix it	24	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want to wash bowl off	24	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na wipe yourself	25	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	no you do n't want a sticker	25	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I think cause you do n't want it	25	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I think you mean that 's why you do n't want it	26	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	cat	cat	Target_Child	I think think the cat does n't wan na get it	26	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	cat	cat	Target_Child	that cat does n't wan na get a haircut	26	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want to find	26	8	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na lose	26	5	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na	26	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na miss	27	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	27	3	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mosquitos	27	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't want to	27	4	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Naima	Naima	Target_Child	zub Naima does n't wan na eat it	27	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	why we do n't wan na why do do high+chair looks gon ta ask him	27	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na keep it on	27	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	crayon no you you do n't want mine	27	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	bear	bear	Target_Child	the bear does n't wan na eat her her bear food	28	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Naima	Naima	Target_Child	Naima does n't wan na buy eggs with	28	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want Mommy take it away	28	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't want to eat the walnuts	28	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na eat the almonds	28	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	the baby does n't want Ma to help come out	28	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	the baby does n't wan na get her high+chair the baby wants to take her milk with her	28	18	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Naima	Naima	Target_Child	Naima did n't want to go	28	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want to bring the books home	28	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	I	I	Target_Child	Naima says I wo n't wan na build a nest near cat	28	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Mommy	Mommy	Target_Child	Mom Mommy did n't want to try them on	28	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want blueberries	28	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the water	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the backpack on	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want it the the orange nursie shirt	29	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	ca	can	I	I	Target_Child	no I ca n't want	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	why do n't wan na throw throw away the berries	29	10	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	why did n't wan na why I wanted to go	29	10	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	not I do n't want I 'm moving my sippy cup out of the way	29	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	mister	mister	Target_Child	poor mister fly does n't want to bite	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want it on his ribbon	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	they	they	Target_Child	no they did n't want to visit anyone	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she she she said no 'cause she did n't wan na go to the beach	29	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	self	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to find out	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a massage I do n't want a	29	11	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do all the the the all the yoga positions	29	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to have a cooperation	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na no I wan na stand on nursies	29	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't wan na find	29	5	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Lucy	Lucy	Target_Child	Lucy does n't want to see Mary	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to to see him	29	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want them here	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	29	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to it does n't have any poop in it	29	13	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to check	29	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to find out	29	7	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want yes	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	29	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want to	30	3	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	look look I think she does n't want to eat the toast	30	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any lunch	30	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to do that	30	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey	31	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na make one	31	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any eggs	31	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any crayons	31	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	31	5	interruption	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any buttons and no crayons	31	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	one train was turning did not wan na go to	32	10	self	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	33	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat any meal	33	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does not wan na breathe	33	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	because we do n't want it to	33	7	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	does	do	bear	bear	Target_Child	sleepy bear does not want to get to get his picture taken	33	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but but I do n't want any more of that	33	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't want to to	33	7	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want to sit on a bed with the lights turned off	33	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	bear	bear	Target_Child	sleepy bear does n't want more clothes	33	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want a pet	33	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I have dollars that I do n't wan na give you	33	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	33	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Bear	Bear	Target_Child	Sleepy Bear does n't wan na sit in in that rocking+chair	33	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	bear	bear	Target_Child	this bear does n't want a	33	6	trail	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	no no no I do n't want do you	34	9	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any towels	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want ice	34	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any ice	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na all night	34	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want them	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	why they do n't want people to see them	34	9	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	why we do n't want that	34	6	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	34	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na do it I wan na do this	34	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Pushba	Pushba	Target_Child	but Pushba does n't want that	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I took it off because I do n't wan na have this on me	34	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	yeah do n't want another one	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na take that	34	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in the kitchen	34	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	34	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	fox	fox	Target_Child	the fox does n't want you to take the chick away	34	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na miss going to doctor Lisa	34	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	35	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't I do n't want to take them out	35	13	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the fireflies	36	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na decide	38	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	38	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	38	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	37	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want blue+jay blue+jay go away	37	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he says I do n't want this for you	39	9	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him to	39	7	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to swim class not all	39	11	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	fox	fox	Target_Child	but she was n't trying but the fox did n't want be an enemy so the fox so Jemima Puddle Duck would n't run away	42	25	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want clip	46	6	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	give me things that we do n't want	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I want here	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	give us thing we do n't want because we 're gon ta forget our bag	46	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	46	3	interruption	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	did you put things in that we did n't want	46	10	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	you put in things that we did n't want	46	9	question	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	I think she put in things we did n't want	46	10	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	we did n't want a yoga d v d	46	9	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	no he does n't want	46	5	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na play store	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	you haf ta just ask for things some other things that we do n't want that we do n't carry	46	20	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	and then we 're supposed to give you things that you do n't want	46	14	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	it 's gon ta be a thing that you do n't want	46	12	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	ya	ya	Target_Child	cause he cause he cause cause ya do n't want him to get the flu	46	15	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want it to be even	46	8	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	21	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	22	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want that	22	6	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	23	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this one	23	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want bunny book	25	6	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	26	6	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	28	7	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that turtle	28	7	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the turtle	28	5	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	28	6	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ball	28	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	28	4	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want book	28	4	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read	29	5	declarative	Post She	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want it	25	5	question	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	24	5	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	26	4	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the ponies in there	27	9	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want ice cream	29	6	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want it	29	3	declarative	Post Tow	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want hot	24	3	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want touch	24	3	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do clean up time	24	10	declarative	NewmanRatner 5777FC	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiwi	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 1234AB	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	24	5	declarative	NewmanRatner 6826LD24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't want it	24	5	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want that	24	5	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want a kiwi	24	6	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want sushi	24	3	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want big	24	3	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it hot	24	7	declarative	NewmanRatner 7222MD24mos	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat any dinner	50	8	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	50	5	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	50	5	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	50	5	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	50	5	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play this anymore	48	8	declarative	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	49	4	trail	Gleason Andy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't wan na do dis	49	8	declarative	Gleason Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	49	4	declarative	Gleason Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any of those beans	36	9	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Ma I do n't want any	36	7	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Dr	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	36	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	ya	ya	Target_Child	di did ya do n't want these	35	7	question	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't you do n't want	35	7	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to have these	35	8	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't I do n't wan na play a game	36	12	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want to	36	6	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	50	5	declarative	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	50	5	declarative	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na eat	50	7	trail	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do the rest	50	8	declarative	Gleason David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat it	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cooked one	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cooked one	62	7	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my twinkie	62	6	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	62	5	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those long um those long things that Daddy 's not gon ta that Daddy 's	52	19	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want grape leaves okay	52	7	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no meat	52	7	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na take that off	51	9	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	51	5	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na get all of those together	51	11	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na finish there eggs	42	8	declarative	Gleason Isadora	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this kind	36	6	declarative	Gleason Guy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey Mommy I don I do n't want I do n't want	52	12	trail	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that much	52	6	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want awot	52	6	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat anymore fish	52	8	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any meat	50	6	declarative	Gleason John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	50	5	declarative	Gleason John	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dwink	38	5	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat	36	6	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that juice	36	6	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't want to	36	6	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pretend	38	6	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it anymore	39	9	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read the story	39	8	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that story	39	8	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na play with those	39	8	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na play with dese now	39	9	question	Gleason Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to eat de broccoli	29	8	trail	Gleason Patricia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Gleason Patricia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Gleason Patricia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	yeah because he does n't wan na see	50	8	declarative	Gleason Theresa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	50	5	trail	Gleason Theresa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want naymore	50	5	declarative	Gleason Theresa	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na be	28	7	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan	28	4	trail	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan	28	4	trail	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it hot	28	6	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	he he you sure you do n't want some	28	9	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no not meat not not want some pops	28	8	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	does	do	baby	baby	Target_Child	the children um da baby does not wan na go in his bed	27	13	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want to	27	6	interruption	Gleason William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	26	5	trail	Gleason William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na doe back home	26	8	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the	26	8	trail	Gleason William	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't wan na have a spider in it	38	11	declarative	Gleason Susan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	please I do n't want to eat it	48	8	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the book	48	6	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	48	5	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	cause she did n't wan na be a baby	48	9	declarative	Gleason Wanda	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want turn it	33	6	declarative	Gleason Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read a story	43	9	declarative	Gleason Ursula	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	yeah but you do n't wan na play with a house	43	11	declarative	Gleason Ursula	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Gleason Ursula	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na no no no	43	9	declarative	Gleason Ursula	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	eh	eh	Target_Child	eh does n't want it	24	5	declarative	Howe Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	no she does n't want it	24	6	declarative	Howe Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	eh	eh	Target_Child	eh does n't want it	24	5	declarative	Howe Richard	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	24	4	declarative	Howe Sally	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	48	5	declarative	HSLLD Nicole	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want no no help	50	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit because I do n't like when I sit couch	48	15	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	l do n't I do n't no I do n't wan na	46	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Bambi	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta read this one	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no bug	43	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	45	5	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anybody to	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to go leaving	43	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta be fat like that	45	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want ta tell	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tell	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want to	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read any	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na read	45	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na because I 'm getting	45	9	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do this again	49	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want it a naked	59	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that word	59	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta see this	46	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta talk	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na read the rest	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't wan na read no more	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	mommy he do n't want that	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want ta read Tony	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I cried when I did n't want on the carnival um dragon	49	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	49	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta say	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh Mama I do n't want ta tell the whole story	45	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	43	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na answer	51	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he was crying ow ow mommy I do n't want this shot	45	12	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na go	48	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to tell anybody	44	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na tell anybody	44	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any of those things	49	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	gotta	gotta	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na get um you gotta babysit	45	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	wow I do n't wan na	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk	43	6	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dessert	43	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	why does n't wan na go	50	6	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta die dreaming	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	50	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on my plate	50	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see it	50	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my plate	50	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want a vitamin	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want her to come back here again	50	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine	44	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	44	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this ice	43	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	43	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I did n't wan na make one but I tried	49	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want ta go swimming lessons	46	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	did n't want the other children to catch my tummy+ache	48	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want any ice cream cone now	46	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na see out of the eyes	44	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this one	48	6	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na because I can swallow it better	48	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go there	43	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na think about it right now	43	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rest	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta	51	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I did n't wanted it	51	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine Ma I do n't want it	51	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta	51	4	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat no more	51	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dessert	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	46	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want this	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the rice	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't want it	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	59	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go to school	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na talk about it	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	how come you do n't want this	49	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	we haf ta we haf ta no more supper I do n't want eat a one	49	16	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a meatball	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat it	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the haddock Mommy	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want steak or chicken I just want	48	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want ta do it	48	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want them to sleep over	48	8	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the kind you had out not I 'll be full	48	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit there	48	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	48	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fork	50	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want butter on anything	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	but you do n't want no more	50	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat them yet	47	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	you said you did n't want them	47	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	gotta	gotta	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na get um you gotta babysit	45	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Mama I do n't want no hot dog bun	45	10	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want no hot dog buns	45	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I do n't want no steak	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I said I do n't want no steak	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the I do n't want you 're making for dessert	45	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	46	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na to	43	7	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	does n't wan na go Mama	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with the puzzle	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	44	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I because I do n't wan na	44	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to mommy	44	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I do n't know how to play that	46	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta do that one	46	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta because	46	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta call you up with this	46	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want no motorcycles anymore	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have it	43	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have a cook+out	43	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta do the	46	7	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tea party for dinosaurs	42	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my car	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	45	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play ball	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta play ball	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta ask the colors	45	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta ask	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan ta	47	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan ta	47	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want ta	47	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any of that	49	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na knock him over again	46	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want these	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	48	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	dad I do n't wan na play bus right now	48	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	April said she does n't want to	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	April said she does n't want to	45	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want ta talk	42	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it right now	48	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	45	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want her to read to me	45	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have anymore books	53	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	53	5	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none on me anyway	53	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do nothing	53	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na listen to it	55	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cake I do n't wan na read this book	57	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sing it	60	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	M I do n't wan na have two books	59	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no uh I do n't want I do n't wan na do something else	57	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want going to listen to this again	53	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit on the floor	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say	54	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no wan na do pattycake	60	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na my bed but it was the storm	57	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no wan na tell something grandma 's house	59	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na say that	56	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want her to be my friend anymore	59	11	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	55	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want relish	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na hear	59	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear it	59	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	if it does n't wan na see people go	50	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mash potato yes I do I want mash potatoes	64	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't wan na use that circle part	64	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na use the circle part	64	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	64	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	58	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	what if she do n't want it	55	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	55	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	57	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mama I do n't want butter	61	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't if I do n't wan na be	49	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	sometimes they do some things they do n't want	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	65	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want the I	65	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	54	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na because I do n't wan na special things with on the Monday that my dad picks me up	54	24	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go racing swimming	54	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I I did n't want to	57	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na play with him	61	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat all of it but I 'll eat a little more	61	16	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any shrimp	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any shrimp	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	49	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want it but I like it	49	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk about it	49	8	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk about it	49	8	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	56	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na start dancing school	56	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want hers	56	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	61	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want doughnuts	55	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	55	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little bit	55	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any apple doughnut	55	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I mean if you do n't want cake raise your hand	57	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na s	57	6	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any dessert	57	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want those	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	listen I do n't wan na do the tape	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	68	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't wan na	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	yep she did n't wan na come back	68	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na draw it	68	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na talk to me	53	8	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that to be spaghetti	59	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the telephone	50	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	you	you	Target_Child	why you wo n't want it	66	6	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cold	49	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh I I I do n't wan na play Connecticut	57	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this	56	7	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want mine that way	61	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na use it	61	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do that	61	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	61	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	61	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um I do n't want long head	56	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	59	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	people	people	Target_Child	and the people did n't wan na buy it	58	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to mess up your clothes	61	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do that	57	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call him	61	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	maybe I do n't want it	61	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	he does n't wan na talk to bunny	55	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	bunny	bunny	Target_Child	the bunny does n't wan na talk right now because it 's sad	55	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to be that name	57	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mama I do n't wan na play with the record	60	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the people	60	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na go	58	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na talk to you	58	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want okay I saw the picture	70	9	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	71	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na miss any either	71	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na listen	71	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it again no	71	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na kill the elephant	65	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	and that one does n't have it so they do n't wan na turn that one to to um jewelry	65	20	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na sleep over there	72	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because do n't want me to	72	6	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	69	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	64	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	64	3	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na read this	64	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to read it	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to read that	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mm mm we I do n't wan na read it	69	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this book	72	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that book	72	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	72	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to read	72	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	70	4	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to tell him	63	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk about it	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	70	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a tower	70	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a tower Mama	70	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take it	63	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it next to them	63	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	but what if it does n't wan na lie down	66	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want nobody playing with them	66	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	64	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it all over again	63	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	68	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want money	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear about it	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know but I do n't wan na know	69	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na	65	5	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na the thing	71	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read a book now	70	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat no more	67	8	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	69	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na ruin my appetite with too much get full	66	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	59	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat anymore	62	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't wan na be married I hate marriage	62	11	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na do it	62	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	71	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I only can eat I mean I do n't want this meatball	71	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore fish	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that crying	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that crying at this table again	66	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na hear that	66	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	63	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na get hurt and have some needles stuck in you	67	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	63	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na eat it	63	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	63	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want the gravy things	63	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na give it to me	64	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na try	71	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any olives	63	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want carrots	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want potatoes	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na split it	67	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	67	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	will	will	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lie down yet I will n't I I I will n't like it like that	68	20	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	64	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want no ketchup	68	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I I do n't want that out	68	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cold	70	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that kind	69	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat that part	69	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na play with her	69	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want no noodles	65	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no noodles	65	6	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sticks	66	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	she did n't want me to	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na pick one of those out	71	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to that	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I do n't want no	67	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to do this page	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't want to eat anymore	68	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he will n't any he he do n't want anymore be the caterpillar	64	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	69	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	70	4	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read this story	72	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	72	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it	67	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't want them	70	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Bro	bro	Target_Child	Bro does n't wan na speak to you and he does n't want to call you any more	70	18	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no cars	67	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want the red one	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no people have plates here	67	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	67	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like these kind of leaves and do n't want them Mommy	67	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any sugar either	68	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Daddy	Daddy	Target_Child	Mom my Daddy does n't wan na come over and play with me	68	13	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that	69	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na race	69	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this car it 's too ugly	68	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this it 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it it 's too ugly	68	9	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	68	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know you say oh I did n't want that in there	63	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	excuse me I do n't want this in the way	65	10	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't wan na call nobody	67	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	oh you do n't wan na go play with tiger because they too mean	69	14	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want sugar in it	69	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat it	72	7	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	71	5	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta play if you do n't want	66	11	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na t v	66	7	question	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	they them are the daughter does n't want no t v on	66	12	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	66	6	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I ca n't I do n't wan na	66	8	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't do n't want it	45	7	declarative	HSLLD Chip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more shrimp	62	7	declarative	HSLLD Anne	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta eat it 's all ready	48	10	declarative	HSLLD Zane	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta	51	6	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	51	5	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I did n't wanted it	51	6	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	51	5	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more	51	5	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read that book	31	8	declarative	Warren Doug	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Andy	Andy	Target_Child	uh Andy does n't wan na get in the police car	31	11	declarative	Warren Doug	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na	59	6	declarative	Warren George	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta talk	59	6	imperative_emphatic	Warren George	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na talk	37	6	declarative	Warren Gina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na uh uh	63	7	declarative	Warren Louise	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	30	6	declarative	Wells Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	39	4	declarative	Wells Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't wan na come	42	6	declarative	Wells Laura	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want go on gee gee	32	7	declarative	Wells Frances	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	42	4	declarative	Wells Frances	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lay down	58	7	declarative	Wells Frances	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit down Mum bat	33	9	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dressing gown	33	6	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want dressing gown hurt me that	33	8	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want that one	36	6	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	39	8	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any dinner	39	5	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any dinner	39	5	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na now	41	6	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my slippers on	41	7	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Wells Lee	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh no I do n't want my pajamas	42	8	declarative	Wells Abigail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on any more	56	8	declarative	Wells Abigail	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na wear mine	39	6	declarative	Wells Simon	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want shoes	18	4	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	21	3	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	28	4	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want put that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want with that	28	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Dad I do n't want off	28	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that there	28	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah ah I do n't want the other	28	8	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not no do n't want it	34	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	39	5	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my crusts	57	6	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	29	4	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	27	6	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	27	5	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you now	27	5	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I not want pottie	27	4	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the bag down because it 's so	32	11	trail	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	32	4	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na sit there	32	6	declarative	Wells Nancy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	32	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	but we did n't want it	39	6	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more Mummy of that	39	9	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that one	39	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get wet	35	7	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	41	5	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	my	my	Target_Child	my do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go with you	29	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	29	6	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	29	4	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put my mittens on	33	9	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hat on	33	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hat on	33	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	would	would	I	I	Target_Child	I would n't want	39	4	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on any more	42	8	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to read it	59	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na read it	59	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say it	59	7	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	33	4	interruption	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	35	5	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go upstairs on my own	35	10	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	38	4	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to see it	38	8	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them to see this belt	38	8	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	30	5	declarative	Wells Neil	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go away	36	7	declarative	Wells Neil	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do my teeth	33	8	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do my teeth Mummy	33	9	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do my teeth	33	8	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Catherine	33	5	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want her	33	6	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the Lego	57	6	declarative	Wells Gerald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	24	5	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	29	4	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want blanket on	36	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you in my bed+room	36	7	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want you in now	36	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my shoes on	39	7	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	59	6	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	59	5	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want	29	4	trail	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	me	I	Target_Child	me do n't want barley water	29	6	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	33	6	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	wo	will	you	you	Target_Child	you wo n't wan na	36	5	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dinner	36	5	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	42	4	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	me	I	Target_Child	no no me not want one of they	42	8	trail	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want a snake	58	7	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want	58	5	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	24	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this on	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go to Grandma 's men	36	9	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na look	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a dress	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my	36	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want do n't go and pinch them	36	9	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want them go and pinch them	36	8	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go up	36	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go up	36	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want television	36	3	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any peas	42	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	um Mum I do n't want any peas	42	8	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want an y	42	7	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	58	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't like want it on	58	6	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a little bit more	35	8	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Wells Olivia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my hair washed Mummy	33	8	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear	39	6	trail	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this one	39	8	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this one	39	8	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	39	5	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that thing	39	8	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	47	5	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want	38	3	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	not want those boots on	29	5	declarative	Wells Iris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	56	6	declarative	Wells Iris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this	23	4	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	33	4	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want none	35	6	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na play	35	5	declarative	Wells Penny	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want my drink	35	5	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a broken one	41	7	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want give	23	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do	23	6	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want that	32	4	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	32	4	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want he	35	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that on	42	6	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want this on yet	57	6	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	36	4	declarative	Wells Rosie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get up	36	7	declarative	Wells Rosie	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on anyway	60	7	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on now	60	6	declarative	Wells Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want want my windmill	30	7	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to do it	32	8	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mum I do n't want	32	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	32	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want	42	5	trail	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want sausage	42	6	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want sausage	42	5	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	23	4	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my sandals on me	26	8	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want one	26	4	question	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my plaster off	33	7	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want Mummy	33	5	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that rest	38	6	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't want that rest	38	7	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and toes I do n't wan na hurt him	28	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	29	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	29	5	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no no I do n't wan na	29	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't wan na	29	7	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na get you out here	29	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na go	29	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	now we do n't want that	29	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want white	29	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want mine wash my hands	29	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Momma I do n't want this picture	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	30	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want a fingernail cut	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fingernail cut	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na you do on your toes	30	10	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want this	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want a spotted one	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a spotted one Mama	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want this one	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh Momma I do n't want any more milk	30	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any more milk	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	uhuh today do n't want some	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want red	30	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	daddy	daddy	Target_Child	oh Mom my daddy does n't wan na	30	8	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't want a grilled cheese now	30	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a grilled cheese now	30	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it Mom	30	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my grilled cheese	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	I	I	Target_Child	I no wan na go food store	30	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat this part Mom	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat that	31	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	Mom we do n't want water in our tacos	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want me	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh Mom I do n't wan na eat that	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat that	31	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want meat	31	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Mom I do n't wan na fall down	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	would	would	I	I	Target_Child	I would n't want that	31	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go see a duck	31	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go see a duck Mommy	31	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hunhunh I do n't wan na go see a duck	31	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I 'm gon ta said I do n't want him	31	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom Mom I do n't want this	31	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na now	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na Mom	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go there again Mom	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cut my bangs	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lay down	31	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	31	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	31	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	hunhunh I did n't wan na now Mom I caught you	32	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't wan na stay with you	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a woodpecker peck on me	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na cook some fly	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	uhhuh we do n't wan na cook some fly	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	then we do n't wan na break it	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cook a fly Mom	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have tacos	32	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I I do n't want you eat them all	32	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na catch round fish	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a envelope	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want two	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want numbers on my telephone	32	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange book	32	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a orange book	32	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	32	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it cold	32	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na go walking by myself	32	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh Mommy I do n't want ice cream	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	33	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat this part	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mom I do n't wan na eat this part	33	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't want any licks	33	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any licks	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do a little one	33	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to sleep	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you dance with me	33	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go by myself	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tumble	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na turn it off	33	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make popcorn	33	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na	33	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put this I do n't wan na put it in my head	33	17	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uhhuh I do n't wan na watch that one	33	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my yogurt	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	33	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	33	5	trail	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that one	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear my striped shirt	34	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that thing	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that thing	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go at the store	34	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go trickortreating	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want tostados	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want cheese on it	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't like I do n't want ta eat Mickey Mouse	34	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any rice	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a roll	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any roll	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go Mommy	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to K Mart	34	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want a kiss	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a kiss on me	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take it to school	34	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this news	34	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that dirty water	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I did n't want any crackers	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on later	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on later	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't I do n't wan na watch it	34	13	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	34	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be get	34	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't want Daddy on peanut butter bread	34	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a buffalo for Christmas	34	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I do n't wan na go	35	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ta tell you that	35	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no want ta watch it now	35	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this apple butter outside	35	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look at a newspaper	35	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	35	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	35	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	35	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wait for a long time	35	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make another picture	35	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want my hand to be holded	35	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to go at work	36	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to Bumpa and Ninny 's house	36	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to there	36	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	36	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take a nap	36	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go swimming with you	36	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that one	36	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wait a few minutes	36	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	know why I do n't want you to	37	8	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do anything to me	37	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no alligator to bite my toes	37	10	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do that	37	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to cut off	37	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one to cut off	37	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no so I do n't wan na do that	38	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do that	39	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	except I did n't want it	39	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I did n't want a hot dog part	39	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want the rest	39	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them on there	39	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want the taped part	39	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the I do n't want the hook on there	39	13	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't want it sitting there	39	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make this airplane	40	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't wan na go to K Mart	40	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na cooperate	40	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because because I did n't wan na be out	40	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na do marshmallows	40	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't wan na put this in my tacos	40	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it	40	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they because they do n't want it to blow away	40	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear my winter jacket	40	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Mom	40	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na call Mom	40	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na call Mom	40	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't wan na wash my hair	40	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	40	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on my clothes	41	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na put it right here	41	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with it inside	41	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na tell him anything	41	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get anything	41	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get anything	41	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to be cut	41	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na take a bath	42	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	okay I do n't want any then	42	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na come in	42	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	42	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want camping stuff	42	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this to be thrown away	42	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	42	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na eat it with a ax	42	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to tell me that	43	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this part	43	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	43	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play baseball	43	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	43	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't wan na go	43	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go play baseball	43	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	43	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go help Lou and Elliot	43	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	because because we did n't wan na get hurt	43	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	43	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	anyway I do n't wan na go	43	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want any cheese	44	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	five things if if I do n't want any uh I do n't want any cheese	44	16	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want this	44	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	44	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't want him to bite me	44	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	because they do n't wan na get dead	44	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	44	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look	44	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah no I do n't wan na pour honey	44	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na anymore	44	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want anybody to see me	45	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey bread	45	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want honey bread	45	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't want it hot	45	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat this part	45	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	45	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	45	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na eat that part	46	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it that high	46	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to bed	46	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it one at a time	46	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	if they do n't want anybody to get in it they can close it	47	14	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	Daddy if if they do n't wan na get killed then they say	47	13	quotation	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything	47	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	47	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	47	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	48	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	zookeeper	zookeeper	Target_Child	the zookeeper does n't wan na let them out	48	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't mean that I do n't want you to paint it	49	13	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Daddy I do n't want you to choke	49	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na then	49	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah I do n't wan na wait until Valentines Day	49	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na really	49	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I did n't wan na	49	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na miss Joey 's birthday party	49	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want I did n't wan na miss Mister Rogers	49	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's how I did n't want it	50	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	because we did n't wan na catch it I think	51	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	51	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more milk	52	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mother I do n't wan na wear this	53	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want them on	53	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mother I thought I said I did n't want any bread	54	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mother I though I said I did n't want any bread	54	11	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I said I did n't want toast	54	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I did n't want hard bread or soft bread	54	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na step in that white stuff	54	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I did n't want that	54	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	54	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pennies	55	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pennies	55	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I hate I do n't wan na Daddy	55	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I did n't want tea Mommy	56	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	because we do n't wan na catch on fire	56	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah Mommy I do n't wan na eat the crust	56	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and I do n't want my winter clothes on	56	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any fish	57	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none yogurt dressing	58	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go play pool tonight	58	9	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na go play pool tonight	58	10	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	so I do n't wan na go again	58	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	58	5	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none more	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hurry I probably do n't want some toast	58	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na	58	6	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to start	58	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na fart	58	7	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na hear it	59	7	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want anything to eat	59	8	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't want you to wind up sitting on this	59	12	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this today	57	8	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this	57	7	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the wire showing	57	7	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na I do n't wan na know about this	57	14	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hold these stinky pants	57	9	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na use this any more	57	9	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want one that 's why	57	8	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't wan na wear	57	7	trail	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this showing	57	6	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this showing	57	6	declarative	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na st	57	6	trail	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want me to do that right	57	9	question	Hall Von	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want no Kool Aid	57	7	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want dis closed	57	6	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want none	57	4	declarative	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want this corn	57	6	question	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	unhunh I do n't want dis corn	57	7	declarative	Hall Patrick	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do not wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to	57	6	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it	57	4	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make a puppet	57	8	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	oh you go somewhere you do n't wan na go and then and they say you should get off	57	19	question	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want no one to wan na want no one to recognize that one	57	17	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more meat	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na do them over and over again	57	12	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it mushed	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no no no I did n't want you to do that	57	12	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it near me	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it near me	57	7	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey I do n't want it on there dad	57	9	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	dog	dog	Target_Child	the dog does n't wan na be swallowed	57	8	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	we	we	Target_Child	and dey were alive when we had them in a bag because we did n't wan na go away	57	19	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now where can that guy go I do n't wan na	57	11	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	I am making another hide out place for this car because they do n't want the daddy to hurt them	57	20	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I did n't want	57	5	trail	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have it next week	57	9	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah really I do n't want it	57	7	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Graeme I do n't want him to see it	57	10	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want three	57	5	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want zoom	57	5	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a fork	57	6	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want I wan na go	57	9	declarative	Hall Todd	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it ah to do it	57	9	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want crayons just maybe one	57	9	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want him to watch	57	7	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	Target_Child	I did n't know that you did n't want me to throw it in	57	14	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want her to know I 'm I 'm too thirsty	57	12	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to go	57	7	declarative	Hall Zoe	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want a piece	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	question	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but Ma I do n't want any	57	7	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and mommy I love you duh best and you 're my mommy and I do n't want nobody to hurt you	57	21	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to get hurt either	57	9	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	she	she	Target_Child	no because she did n't want it in duh block area anymore	57	12	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis I do n't wan na go	57	11	trail	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on anymore	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	yes because he does n't want them	57	7	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a hat	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na play to the black board	57	11	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play it	57	7	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this one	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want any more of my food	57	10	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more my food	57	7	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mom I do n't want more	57	6	trail	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want more food	57	6	trail	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no more	57	5	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine 's cut	57	7	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mine 's cut	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mom I do n't want anymore	57	6	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't have any good ones	57	11	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I gotta cock tee and I do n't want anybody tuh see me	57	13	declarative	Hall David	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want shee my coat	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want nobody see his bone head	57	9	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a take off my hat	57	9	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no dirty cross over	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nan I do n't want it no more	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my greens	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my greens	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want the beer	57	5	question	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't want your hat	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with no watch	57	9	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	now I have I I do n't wan na wait for that bus	57	13	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it I do n't want it	57	10	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it there the Batman	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't wan na do one	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want these	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sell rocks do you	57	9	question	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he he I do n't want no more	57	8	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na walk I 'm really cold	57	10	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	he gon ta laugh David I do n't want him	57	10	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I wo n't ax for some no more	57	12	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want too	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wanted to wear it to school	57	9	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want this on	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want it on	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want him staying here	57	8	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want the meat	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I 'm not his friend no more	57	11	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't but I do n't want it	57	9	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see them too tempting for me	57	11	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that cat	57	7	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do not wan na bite the cat	57	8	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the microphone	57	6	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want wan na be called a fellow	57	10	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na be called	57	8	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get that	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want what	57	4	question	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't wan na cup	57	9	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cup	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cup	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a cookie	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't wan na go to chip 's audition right now	57	13	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to his audition right now	57	11	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rice	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want ice cream	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any coke	57	6	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you I want you count to twenty	57	11	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want any	57	4	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	no do n't like it I do n't want any	57	10	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no green peas	57	7	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want string beans	57	6	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no spinach	57	7	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na smell your breath Aaron	57	9	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's why I do n't want you to touch it	57	11	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	here I do n't want I ai n't playing oooo you I 'm tell you got gum	57	17	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want that	57	6	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fish cake	57	7	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want	57	5	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want none	57	8	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to come to the party	57	10	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to walk with me	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you	57	5	trail	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go this way every day	57	10	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	the teacher said she do n't want it	57	8	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to have no rest of me	57	11	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them to have no rest of me	57	11	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	man I do n't wan na do no homework	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	was	be	Cindy	Cindy	Target_Child	every time Cindy was n't wan na look at um the Mod Squad	57	13	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no meat loaf	57	7	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the black stuff	57	7	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	man this is I do n't want no pepper	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	mother	mother	Target_Child	my mother do n't want you go want us to go to Leon and harry harry harry because because it 's the night time and she do n't want her to get something	57	33	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	this time I do n't want no water in it	57	10	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	when I was sick I did n't wan na no food	57	11	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat it	57	7	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to look at tv	57	9	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	teacher	teacher	Target_Child	because the teacher do n't want us	57	7	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	she	she	Target_Child	she do n't want dat dat	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	orange orange you you do n't want dis	57	8	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no potatoes	57	6	declarative	Hall Kim	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na huh	57	6	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I a sandwich but I do n't want it	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want it now	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to stay late	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want you to stay late	57	10	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a play this game	57	8	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go in	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nothing I do n't want no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dae now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it now	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another one	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't wan na eat	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na look at tv	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a I	57	6	trail	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it in a glass	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a glass	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't want no	57	7	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I was n't looking at this I do n't want it	57	11	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want a	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't wan na sit down	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	that 's not the way I do n't wan na	57	10	question	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none a that on here	57	9	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do not want no lettuce	57	6	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ahk mommy I do n't want dis tissue	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want dah the tissue	57	8	declarative	Hall Trina	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you mean you do n't wan na get it off	57	10	question	Hall Kayode	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	it	it	Target_Child	hey ah shit it does n't wan na come	57	9	question	Hall Kayode	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	yeah because he does n't want tuh get hit by what 's coming for that says on the message	57	19	declarative	Hall Kayode	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I I do n't want you	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I should make a butterfly but I did n't wan na	57	11	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he always hang the phone down because he do n't wan na speak to the count	57	16	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to turn it off	57	10	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want any	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't wan na see you	57	8	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to put cream on me anymore	57	11	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't wan na save this	57	8	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na drink it	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	they do n't want outside	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that one	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want another one	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any candy	57	6	trail	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go that way	57	8	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want de airplane	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go up to your ceiling you just do that	57	14	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	crying I do n't want it rahra	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want the shirt on	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hm I do n't want we can just put dis and let 's see what burns it falls off	57	19	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anything to eat	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na do it my delf	57	10	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	and now I do n't want the shirt on	57	9	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want where 's that lil thing I threw	57	11	question	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na put	57	7	trail	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that train box	57	7	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that sneaker taken off	57	8	question	Hall Tony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want no more juice	57	6	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	uh I do n't want it	57	6	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no I do n't want it like that	57	9	declarative	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na cut it off	57	8	question	Hall Anthony	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want those	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none a that	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you you do n't wan na my school	57	8	question	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	why you do n't wan na come my school	57	9	question	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	nobody	nobody	Target_Child	nobody do n't wan na hear about her big toe	57	10	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	be	be	nobody	nobody	Target_Child	nobody do n't wan na be eh see ya sore	57	10	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	nobody	nobody	Target_Child	nobody do n't wan na see your sore	57	8	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want none of that	57	8	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want this liver	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	because that 's alright do n't wan na be my friend	57	11	question	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no more rice	57	8	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want rice	57	5	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want my rice	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want my rice	57	7	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis on	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I just do n't want it on	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear dis	57	7	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to now	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to wear it	57	7	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dat	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you on the telephone	57	8	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Johnathan	Johnathan	Target_Child	Johnathan do n't want it on only I want mai	57	10	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to	57	6	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I just do n't wan na get	57	7	trail	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	cause I do n't want it at school	57	8	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't want you tell his job	57	8	question	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na speak with it out without both	57	11	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want it on no more	57	7	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis	57	5	declarative	Hall Jason	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear no music	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I I I do n't want I do n't wan na run	57	12	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make it	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na make those things	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear it	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na	57	4	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na take a bath	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear no talking when I	57	10	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na hear you	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no I do n't wan na drink no juice	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this	57	5	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na say nuttin	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want him to bring it in school in here	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na stay here	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	okay I do n't wan na wear it	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear it	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go with dem	57	8	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to talk on my microphone talk on his	57	13	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	dat white paper off you could cut it but I do n't wan na	57	14	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na lose it	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch it	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na button	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them bye bye	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my shirt	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it here	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this card	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	nope he does n't want anything but he wants you	57	10	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	haha he do n't want you	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hah I do n't want it on I 'm going out	57	11	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get two	57	7	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	beo I did n't want it to go in	57	9	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want water	57	6	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want one	57	5	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	daddy	daddy	Target_Child	because da daddy did n't wan na mess up mommy 's car	57	12	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na to touch it	57	8	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis	57	5	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	no you do n't wan na on it	57	8	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want dis we want dis	57	8	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any to eat	57	7	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want anything not right now thanks	57	10	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	I got dis shirt on and do n't want	57	9	trail	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	he did n't want me to get it dirty	57	9	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be first	57	7	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I weeee	57	6	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't wan na I ca n't eat my chicken	57	10	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play that	57	7	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	she	she	Target_Child	she does n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah because Jonathan he 's touching me and I do n't want him	57	13	declarative	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Barry	Barry	Target_Child	because Barry does n't wan na do his	57	8	declarative	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want	57	4	trail	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	one day one night I broke my kite and um I r I really I did I really did n't want my daddy to do it	57	26	question	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	an I and I really did n't wan na tell my daddy	57	12	declarative	Hall Tracy	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want the breakfast	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want breakfast	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na have any	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh I do n't want this shirt on	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on	57	6	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Julia	Julia	Target_Child	Julia does n't wan na go down	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na do drawing	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't want him next to us	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play with you	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know I did n't wan na hold on to William 's	57	12	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	know know why you do n't wan na go down	57	10	question	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na jump into the house to knock it over	57	14	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na put them away	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't so I do n't I do n't wan na bring it to school	57	16	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want you to play with me Gabriel	57	10	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	you do n't wan na play right	57	7	question	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want spook and span	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wash my hands	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wash my hands	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well this one I well I do n't wan na do to with this one	57	15	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na count five one	57	8	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tell you	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I do n't wan na tell you	57	9	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na tell you what kind of show	57	12	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore toot toot	57	7	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this fish	57	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	yes are you sure you do n't wan na to eat it	57	12	question	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	right and they do n't want people to hurt themself if they fall	57	13	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on the bed	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear that hat	57	8	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na walk up	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want matzo	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want matzo	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	57	4	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play catch	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play catch	57	7	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play a game	57	8	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hah I do n't wan na show him	57	8	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want hot dogs	57	6	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no	57	5	question	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I said I did n't want no more	57	8	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want another piece	57	7	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na put the watch on mommy	57	11	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no more	57	6	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	he	he	Target_Child	he do n't wan na stand up	57	7	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	oh it 's too sour I do n't want it	54	10	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Connie	Connie	Target_Child	he made pee pee in the hallways Connie da and Connie does n't want him to do that	54	18	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na chair Lisa	54	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na they bother me	54	8	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na sit over here then I wan na sit over here	54	16	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	pat I do n't want any cookies	54	7	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	pat I do n't want any cookies	54	7	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't wan na	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any cookies	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit down	54	7	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	mommy	mommy	Target_Child	my mommy did n't want me to come home with a hole in my stocking	54	15	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	mommy	mommy	Target_Child	oh my my mommy did n't want me to come home with another hole in my ah	54	17	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no no	54	6	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah I do n't wan na be a bat woman	54	10	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no snack food	54	7	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nope I do n't want	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want pink	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na watch	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no Ma I do n't wan na watch it	54	9	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want	54	5	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	here I eat because I do n't wan na make Graeme angry	54	12	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na eat all my lunch	54	9	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	mommy this stuff you do n't want	54	7	question	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na put that stuff away	54	9	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore raisins	54	6	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	m mm ah haha I do n't want a whole package I	54	12	trail	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na give you fifty cents	54	9	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want	54	4	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want anymore	54	5	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but I did n't want anymore to come out	57	10	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na I wan na go today	57	10	imperative_emphatic	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want them	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want crackers	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	we do n't wan na find the pretend Eddy	57	9	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na tape that	57	7	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want again	57	5	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na recorder me eating uh	57	9	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na open it up I 'm putting it on the top	57	15	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	Target_Child	why 'd he call if he did n't want anything	57	10	question	Hall Dexter	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I did n't wan na break my ear+phones	57	9	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want I do n't want no fish	57	10	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want no fish	57	6	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want none	57	5	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	when I had so much fun I did n't want you to ruin my fun	57	15	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	Target_Child	but buh buh but they ca n't but they do n't wan na co freezing cold like Steven said	57	19	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I know I do n't want	57	6	trail	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	's	be	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get it myself because you 're curled up that 's why you do n't wan na do it yourself	57	24	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this shirt on	57	7	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't want it on I 'm taking	57	12	trail	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na see my mom come and take and put my foot up on that	57	18	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	Graeme	Graeme	Target_Child	Graeme do n't wan na bite	57	6	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	Target_Child	do n't want anymore mom	57	5	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my pepper	57	6	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	told you I do n't want too mus	57	8	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want this on me mom	57	8	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no no no no I do n't wan na name	57	10	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want mom you ca n't uh always say that to me	57	14	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah but I do n't wan na tell him	57	9	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	question	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	hey man I do n't wan na this is the thing	57	11	question	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it	57	5	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	trail	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want Julie	57	6	question	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	yeah it kawl coming off kawz I do n't want it to be yuhk	57	14	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to throw it	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want you to dance	57	8	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	m I do n't want any tokay	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want uh climb on di chair wobble head	57	12	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it to to be no I do n't want it to be egg salad	57	18	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	ah ah no I did n't wan na do that	57	10	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want duh one	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	alright because you I do n't want any of your stuff	57	11	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	mommy I do n't want you to do the page every time	57	12	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	Target_Child	I did n't want it all	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want my toast poitin	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want dis shadow on my toast	57	9	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I mean duh shadow on my toast I do n't want	57	12	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear wear my boots	57	9	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	my boots I do n't wan na wurem dooth aet my boots	57	12	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear my boots	57	8	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na be Gabriella I wanted to be boy	57	12	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	because I do n't want you to	57	7	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want to be washed	57	7	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	well I do n't want to	57	6	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	Target_Child	no we do n't want ta make a silly old car	57	11	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do it	57	7	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	Target_Child	while he talks on here w uh talk den he does n't want me to be talking	57	17	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any	57	5	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	nothing I do n't want nobody bother me	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na	57	5	declarative	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	Target_Child	but you do n't want no car	57	7	question	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	Ma I do n't want no beans and no	57	9	trail	Hall Keisha	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want that	57	5	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want it on for a little while	57	10	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want everybody just one	57	7	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	es	es	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wuhn you run but I es	57	11	trail	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	but I do n't want a lot of them	57	9	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Danny	Danny	Target_Child	how come Danny did n't wan na take this test	57	10	question	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more take my sh take my smuck off	57	13	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	no I do n't want any of those	57	8	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	Target_Child	I do n't want any more of them	57	8	question	Hall Julia	negative	sentential
