Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta cookie in there	no it 's getting close to lunch time Pete I just cleaned that	6	13	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	what do you want for dinner	no no no it 's my dinner I want a pretzel mommy	6	12	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I want some I want some pretzel mommy okay mommy	no you 're gon ta eat dinner	10	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you want Lois to fix it	no you fix it okay	8	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want a candy want a lifesaver I want that Mommy	no not now honey that 's	11	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want ta go take a nap	no I want some gum mommy	7	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	want some orange mommy	no thank you	4	3	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want the chicken	no that is one piece do n't pick it	4	9	declarative	trail	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to move	no I 'm gon ta get my blocks	6	8	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	p p p p I like that so leave it here	no that 's a house	11	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you want ta go tinkle	no no they have this and my toy yes I 'm gon ta wake up and my toy	7	18	question	question	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta come too	no she has ta	5	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Target_Child	Mother	I want kick it	no do n't kick it	4	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Target_Child	Mother	I want the bike	no you do n't need your bike	4	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	24	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy want some milk	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	want a drink of water	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na tell me this story	no not	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	want want hammer	no you ca n't have a hammer darling	3	8	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	want hammer	no I think you 've left your hammer in the car have n't you	2	14	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		was	be	boy	boy	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what that little boy was wanting to do was n't it	no not	13	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	want a big one	no not that one	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want it to	no well you should have chosen a better builder than mummie then should n't you	6	15	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like you anymore	no well we 've established that have n't we	6	9	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	um wan na sit on horsie Mummy	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na	no that 's not	3	4	interruption	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	which way do you want those to go in	no that pig	9	3	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na do green at all	no there	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you want this book or another book	no there	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	which ones would you like to do	no there	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want Nana 's garden	no want Nana	7	3	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to be the policeman	no there	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na speak to Nana	no no Nana	8	3	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Target_Child	Mother	what you want	no what do you what does Carl want	3	8	question	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	21	Target_Child	Mother	what do you want	no what does Carl want	4	5	question	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Mother	want paint	no we 're not painting now Carl	2	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Mother	want the dodie	no you do n't want your dodie in	3	8	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	um I want see in your bag	no I do n't think so	7	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	wan na catch it	no he does n't wan na play any more	4	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	no he does n't wan na play any more	no he wan na eat it	9	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	27	Target_Child	Mother	no he wan na eat it	no he does n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	want toys out	no we ca n't we ca n't get those out as well	3	12	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	want cold it	no it it 's warm now	3	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want Tots	no I 'm sorry	3	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	want in the box	no we 're not getting the box out today	4	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	want Tank	no you can have Tank on after Anna 's gone	2	10	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no it 's just to stay there	3	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	want water in my teapot	no I do n't think so	5	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want tank	no not at the moment	3	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	want this off	no I do n't think it 's meant to come off	3	11	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want the tellie on	no we 're not having the tellie on today	5	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want water	no you 're not having water inside	3	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want Budgie on	no no Budgie	4	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Target_Child	Mother	you want some more	no I 'm fine now thanks	4	6	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I want get another one	no I do n't think there is another giraffe	5	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a wee wee or something	no there	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		will	will	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	why will n't you like it	no Nicole like it	6	4	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a drink	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	no want that	no want that	3	3	declarative	question	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	want more juice please	no I 'm sorry	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	baby	baby	24	Mother	Target_Child	baby wants tail in that hair	no that one	6	3	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I 'd like some chips please	no got some chips	6	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Anne	Anne	25	Target_Child	Mother	no Anne want biscuits	no Anne wants biscuits	4	4	declarative	question	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	want little lolly please	no not now	4	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	you you want some more	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I want a shot too	no you ca n't get a shot because I 'm reading right now	6	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I want a shot like her	no you ca n't get a shot	7	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na read it	no you	5	2	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't I want ta go downstairs	no we haf ta finish first	8	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want ta be fat like that	no I do n't remember I 'm not gon ta give you food to make you fat I wan na give you food so you can grow tall and you can have good grades so you can go to school and be smart little boy	9	45	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na read about Cinderella	no I do n't wan na read any	6	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you like him	no what 's his name is	4	6	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't wan na go	no I know you did n't wan na go	6	9	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	no I want I want ta go to Darlene 's	no no I told you	10	5	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I want go to the fish store	no I do n't think so you got that bad a cough	7	12	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	want some juice	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	want some milk	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	no I want all of it	no you ca n't have all of it cause there 's others here	6	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na ride the fire engine in the street	no you do n't ride it in the street because the cars will hit you	10	15	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	she	she	48	Mother	Target_Child	she likes to do things on her own	no some more	8	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	and do you want tomatoes too	no just lettuce	6	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh you did n't want the dressing	no I did n't wanted it	7	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	too hot out there you want ta dehydrate	no it 's cool out there	8	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't want you with Jamie	no I wan na see Jason	7	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want ta eat it	no that 's not it	7	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Father	I do n't want steak or chicken I just want	no you haf ta have a little meat	10	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	50	Mother	Target_Child	your daddy likes to camp in the woods	no he does n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	do you wan na get wet	no that 's alright	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you want lobster	no I want a hot dog	3	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I want some	no no we do n't have no money right now	3	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	and I want spaghetti too	no you ca n't have spaghetti	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	want want tonic	no I 'd rather have some juice please	3	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have a cook+out	no we 're gon ta have one by ourselves okay	5	10	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	you want some pastry	no I am not eating nothing that was on the floor Chi	4	12	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go to Harvard when you grow up	no I hate Harvard	11	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na show Sis this	no you stay right here	6	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	want me to put some water in there	no you	8	2	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I wan ta go in the barn	no Mommy please mommy	7	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the only thing you like to play with	no me like to play with more toys	10	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you want a car too	no only a truck please	5	5	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	you want some cocoa	no I want coffee	4	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	wan na set the table and we 'll have supper	no let us play some more	10	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	want me do that to your coffee	no it is n't that would be too sweet	7	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	61	Target_Child	Mother	I just wan na show her something	no wait until after we read the stories okay	7	9	interruption	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na get the dumb old caterpillar one out of the way	no I do n't I do n't like the caterpillar	13	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	I want you to read it again	no I 'm not going to read it again	7	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take my shirt off	no leave your shirt on	7	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't put relish on it there 's only mustard and catsup like you wanted	no I saw white stuff on that	16	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Target_Child	likes peas too	no I do n't want mash potato yes I do I want mash potatoes	3	14	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked peas	no I do n't like peas anymore	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Mother	want me get one for you	no thank yeah give me a napkin	6	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Father	Target_Child	you want some chicken	no I want that 's all folks	4	7	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		'd	would	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you think you 'd wan na play baseball	no it 's so yucky	8	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you want just one phone book	no no I 'm gon ta fix it	6	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	68	Target_Child	Mother	you want me to paint it	no just draw it	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	68	Target_Child	Mother	want me get it	no you haf ta finish eating to do anything	4	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Mother	Target_Child	want me to pour you some koolaid	no I gotta I gotta make it	7	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	wan na break it	no I like it	4	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na play	no this this Mama 's doing	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Kitty	Kitty	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you play with Alf with the kitty I bet you Kitty would like that huh	no do n't think so	16	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	would you like to put water in this	no no water today okay because mom 's cleaning the house	8	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	do you want some sugar	no I do n't use sugar	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go outside	no you haf ta	5	4	declarative	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	71	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't wan na listen	no I 'm not happy	7	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like chocolate cake	no I like cheese	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	I want some ice+cream	no you have some water	4	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	65	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na kill the elephant	no that 's what they do	8	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	do n't want ta play with these anymore	no I 'm cleaning the old stuff	8	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	I like to play marbles	no you 're gon ta lose it you ca n't play marbles there	5	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	69	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't like that that 's not nice	no I want you to stay with me	9	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Target_Child	Mother	you want me to get it	no thank you	6	3	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want a cheeseburger	no I just want a a piece of cheese i in my hand	6	13	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like him	no who do you like	5	5	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Mother	want me to help her	no see she can climb up	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	will	will	I	I	68	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na lie down yet I will n't I I I will n't like it like that	no um this is for me	20	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	68	Target_Child	Father	wan na take it off	no do n't throw it on the ground	5	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	want some help with that	no it 's just	5	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	I want all the bacon	no you ca n't have anymore it 's not that good it 's not even good for you really	5	19	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	70	Target_Child	Mother	no do n't want them	no we can make it bigger if we both do it	5	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Mother	want some koolaid	no I do n't want no koolaid	3	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Mother	want some lemonade	no I do n't want no lemonade either	3	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Mother	want some more um Sprite	no I do n't want no Sprite	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Target_Child	Mother	want me to have juice instead you want juice	no I like I like cocoa	9	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you like it	no not that that fish um stuff you put on your meat	4	12	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	66	Target_Child	Mother	do you want sugar in your coffee	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		will	will	giraffe	giraffe	66	Mother	Target_Child	maybe this little giraffe will wan na go to the zoo because he 's having trouble standing up in the	no this one should go	20	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na play I wan na do all this in the kitchen	no we 'll stay right here	13	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go see my Uncle Billy	no well first we 're going to finish this and then we 're going to see Uncle Billy later okay	8	20	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	anybody	anybody	68	Target_Child	Mother	anybody want sugar	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wan na race	no I do n't wan na race	3	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Target_Child	Mother	wan na come play	no he 's being shy	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wan na do the puzzle	no I 'm calling um	5	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wan na call me	no you call me	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Target_Child	Mother	you want some cheese and crackers too	no just one or the other please	7	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Target_Child	Mother	did you get you want some of this	no I think I have yeah just a little I think	8	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Mother	want some coffee	no I 'll have a cup of tea	3	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	you want a cup of tea	no I hate tea	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	want me to do it	no I can do it	5	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Target_Child	Mother	and wan na call him go ahead	no it 's okay	7	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Target_Child	Mother	now I wan na do my numbers	no I	7	2	imperative_emphatic	interruption	HSLLD Anne	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	okay because I do n't like that junky juice you know	no I got it for myself	11	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Zane	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	and do you want tomatoes too	no just lettuce	6	3	question	declarative	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh you did n't want the dressing	no I did n't wanted it	7	6	question	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want cracker Mom	no you can have it later	3	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Donald	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want have it	no you haf ta wait	4	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset Anthony	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want ta color	no that 's not to color with	3	7	declarative	declarative	Morisset Cassie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no we haf ta leave it right here	3	8	declarative	declarative	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want go over here	no you can come over here	4	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mom but I want my cookie	no you come over here and stand and you can have your cookie in a little bit okay	6	18	declarative	question	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta see something else	no you eat your cookie and drink your apple juice	6	10	declarative	declarative	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want my juice	no you drink it out of the cup	4	8	declarative	declarative	Morisset Mandy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na go home	no no Gramdma	5	3	question	declarative	Morisset Donisha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mom I wan na put back in there	no you ca n't you made them dirty	8	8	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Morisset Kevin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Morisset Tarsha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want see in there	no just sit down and eat	5	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Justin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want this	no not until you 're done	2	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want see it	no leave it in there	3	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I wan na pour some in there	no you drink it up because we have some other games to play	8	13	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	well you want a cookie	no you eat yours	5	4	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want some more	no I do n't want no more	3	7	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want some more	no that 's enough	4	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	doggie	doggie	39	Target_Child	Father	doggie want to get in the chair	no the doggie ca n't get on the chair	7	9	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to read you this one	no I want ta get out	9	6	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want this	no this is where you go caci	5	7	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta dump more in	no that 's all drink it out of your cup	6	10	declarative	declarative	Morisset Ty	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want more cracker	no that 's all	3	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Mike	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta have it	no not right now	5	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Renee	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want one	no you eat it	2	4	question	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mom I want ta go out there	no we ca n't go out there	7	7	declarative	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na read my book	no you sit down	6	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta do this	no you you ca n't write on this paper Honey	5	10	declarative	declarative	Morisset JR	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want play with it	no we ca n't play with it	4	7	declarative	declarative	Morisset Trisha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want some more	no that 's okay	3	4	question	declarative	Morisset Trisha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta see	no leave it alone	4	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	yeah I want I want play with blocks	no let me fill this out	8	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want some more	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Morisset Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	no I want ta	no these	4	2	trail	declarative	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	d'you want more	no I can	3	3	question	interruption	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want out	no not right now	3	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no I do n't want you to play with that	2	10	declarative	declarative	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	30	Mother	Target_Child	d'you want the rest	no I want	4	3	question	declarative	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I wanted that	no when Mommy 's done writing you can have the cookie	3	11	declarative	declarative	Morisset David	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na wait	no uh	6	2	question	declarative	Morisset Rachel	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta see it	no I want you to leave it right there	5	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset Desiree	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na put my hand right there	no we 'll leave this sit right here and you can put your hand right there	8	16	declarative	declarative	Morisset Desiree	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want go home	no you ca n't go home yet either	4	8	declarative	declarative	Morisset John	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want some drink	no you best leave this stuff alone	3	7	declarative	declarative	Morisset John	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	want some clean pants	no no you do it	4	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na show mom	no no not no my bottom hurts a little	6	9	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	do we wan na go outside	no its raining	6	3	question	declarative	Bliss Marjorie	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to do the cutting	no I 'm fine	8	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want a banana	no you ca n't help me	6	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na touch that	no you ca n't touch that because that 's the television	5	11	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you like it	no do n't like it	4	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't want sweet	no I do n't like those thank you	5	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't like those thank you	no you likes another sweet	8	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you want it	no lick it off	5	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	no because I did n't wan na eat it	no you did n't well if you did n't like it we 'll give it to the Nellie	9	18	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want lunch	no my cat do n't want his lunch	5	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	cat	cat	35	Mother	Target_Child	your cat wants to eat it	no he do n't want anything in his mouth	6	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	maybe he does n't wan na go	no he 's stuck all on his own	7	8	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	dog	dog	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think this little dog here would like this breakfast	no he you are having it	11	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na open it up and play with it or are you tidying it away	no it 's raining	17	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play with the cars or do you wan na have a picnic	no I	16	2	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think they like meat do n't they	no that 's ham	8	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd like some ham	no that ham does n't made out of meat	8	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	cat	cat	35	Mother	Target_Child	your cat wants to drive the tractor	no no it 's can drive all by itself	7	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na put them on the road	no no I do that	8	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	want something	no no no there 's nothing in the bag	2	9	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I want the wheels	no they 're mine	4	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you like pink chocolate	no there 's some chocolate on this	5	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	wan na play with the house	no just play with these	6	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	want some water in	no we 're only pretending we haf ta leave that there	4	11	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	want tip this in the bin	no let 's put it back down here for the next drink	6	12	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	oh I want Mommy 's bed+room	no no no I have them right here	6	8	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I know you like to turn it	no no I turn it	7	5	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh wan na read that one	no there 's my favorite book	6	6	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't like all the witches	no no I do n't honey	7	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't like that witch	no I do n't like the witch	6	7	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na do your puzzle anymore	no let 's read books	9	5	question	declarative	Higginson April	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	want me to get your blanket	no I can get it	6	5	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na pull that out	no keep it in there	6	5	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't want you to get hurt	no we went to play basketball	8	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na get dirty	no you do n't wan na get dirty either	7	9	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na get a book that you can read	no I do n't know any books	11	7	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to put your yogurt down here too	no but I wan na eat it	11	7	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want a sweater	no I think that 'll be too much wo n't it	4	11	declarative	question	Hall Von	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you want mommy to cut it or	no I 'll cut it	7	5	trail	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	mommy I do n't mind my I do n't mind me I want Judy to hold my lunch box	no the only reason he has it strapped	19	8	declarative	trail	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	mommy I wan na eat my sandwich first please	no not untill it 's time for us to sit down and eat	9	13	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na pour it	no this is hot	5	4	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		'll	will	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I 'll wan na pour it into the	no this is	8	3	trail	trail	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want this one	no not the big biggest bear	6	6	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	dog	dog	57	Target_Child	Mother	the dog does n't wan na be swallowed	no he does n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na hear it one more time	no no more now	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	want want me to help you	no I	6	2	question	trail	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I want you hold it	no no you put those away	5	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I want I you I want please take your hands off your food	no dad what I I 'm already full	13	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I want	no you 're not full	2	5	trail	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	but I wan na eat it fast	no come on	7	3	trail	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no this is that 's rr	3	6	declarative	trail	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want this off	no you keep that on	4	5	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you want candy when I go downstairs right	no I want jello	8	4	question	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	wan na see tv	no no tv	4	3	question	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I gotta cock tee and I do n't want anybody tuh see me	no you can leave the door open	13	7	declarative	declarative	Hall David	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na wait for another bus	no I do n't know	7	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	Michael you want beans	no oh dat 's mine	4	5	question	question	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	ah I want I want da I want I want da soda	no I want the kids to eat it	12	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want a gum	no you 're going be eating gum in a minute	4	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	Harlem hahlahm you saw I ai went to Harlem hospital I 'm play sa I want I do n't I did n't play started	no well you not playing anything you on your way to bed	24	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	mom would you like your blood to be sucked by a bat	no I certainly would not like my blood to be sucked by a bat	12	14	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some bread	no thank yeah	5	3	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a piece of bread	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	want me to cut up that piece of meat	no thank you	9	3	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to cut this in half	no I can eat it	9	5	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't I wan na pick a blue card so I could go	no let me let me just see read the instructions and see what it says	15	15	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you know the zoom song you wan na sing the zoom song	no I I could sp	12	5	question	trail	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	mom I want you ta rest with me for a while	no I wan na go eat now	11	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	Ma I do n't want my rice	no uhuh I do n't wan na hear it go back in the kitchen and eat	7	16	declarative	declarative	Hall Derwood	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you want an egg	no I just want cheese and bread	4	7	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na stay here	no Anne Marie do n't get in til eight o'clock	7	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want a Danny	no I ca n't buy you a sugar daddy	4	9	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want them bye bye	no do n't I do n't want you down stairs	7	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I just wan na go up	no if you wan na go to his house you listen	6	11	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want do you haf ta go to the bath+room	no I want these	11	4	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like it	no Steven that 's not the way you get on a chair	5	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	do you want a piece of this	no I have my own	7	5	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want this grandma I want this piece	no it 's the worst thing mom	8	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		would	would	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	would you ever want ta eat a corn later	no I do n't feel like having any corn Steve I had enough	9	13	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	I know you want the red right	no I want the blue	7	5	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I do n't wan na play you 're getting too good	no you have to play	11	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Father	wan na see me throw this high	no no I do n't want	7	6	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	and you do n't wan na mess with it	no but I did n't know	9	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I want the set on	no I turned that off because we ah you know we are are testing	5	14	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you like another piece of your apple	no I do n't want another piece	8	7	question	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	m mm ah haha I do n't want a whole package I	no you do n't haf ta take a whole package take one or two	12	14	trail	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	why you want	no in the front remember how I told you	3	9	trail	question	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you can get it if you really want	no no you din kick	8	5	trail	question	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	but I wan na play something with it	no it 's too sharp	8	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no not while you 're eating Joe	2	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta give it to him if you do n't wan na you know	no no I mean know what he always says	17	9	declarative	question	Hall Joey	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	you want it	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want another sausage	no I got a sausage	5	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to move it over	no I want dis one	7	5	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	no I want dis one	no the piano stool does n't get moved all over the place	5	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take this off	no you ca n't honey	6	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you can have my stuff if you want	no I love mine	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sing that	no I sing it now because you hav I haf ta say little ladies and gentlemen	5	16	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I like it	no that 's not funny	3	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	then you can get beibo if you wan na	no not yet	9	3	declarative	question	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	children	child	57	Mother	Target_Child	would the children like it	no they do n't haf ta put a blindfold somebody	5	10	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like porridge sure you do n't	no do n't like porridge	9	5	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na see a bat	no do n't wan na see a bat anywhere	7	9	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like eggs	no you do n't like eggs	5	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	yes okay I think you do like shepherds pie	no I 'm not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I want you	no I 'm here	3	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	do you want another one	no you give me that one	5	6	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I I do n't want that	no well you 're just gon ta haf ta eat it	6	11	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no it 's look it 's all paint Conor	3	9	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	you not want any	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Target_Child	Mother	want a graham+cracker	no it 's going to be lunchtime before too long	3	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want some more	no we 'll have milk for lunch	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na peel it	no you ca n't peel it	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want some pepper on tapioca	no you do n't do that	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no we do n't need the fan on today	2	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	want a glass	no you do n't need a glass	3	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	he	he	26	Mother	Target_Child	he 'd like to see them	no he go to draw some pretty flowers	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	wan na bite	no I do n't want mayonnaise	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na play with them	no not now	6	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a pencil	no no want pencil	5	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na see picture Mommy	no I think you 've seen them all	5	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	want ta take off	no you ca n't have any more now until you pick that up off the floor	4	16	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	no want dat open	no you do n't want it open	4	7	declarative	question	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	want ta push	no pull the drawer out again and pull the box down	3	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no I do n't want some	2	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	want supper	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	want spoon	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't want a spoon	no thank you	6	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	want hat	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do do want book	no I do n't want that book thank you	4	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	she	she	34	Target_Child	Mother	she want some	no she does n't want any more	3	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	want pull up	no you do it with this	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	want some juice	no you had juice in your espresso	3	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	want some more coffee your coffee	no I 've had enough and I think you 've had enough too	6	13	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	do you like some	no that 's enough then	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do want take dat off	no if you take those off the wheels will come off	5	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do want wheel come off	no then it does n't go if the wheels are off	5	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do want birdie fly in there	no if he goes in there he ca n't see where he 's going	6	14	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do want me drink it	no I do n't want you to drink it	5	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want do want do you want	no no no write on the paper	8	7	trail	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	do want open his mouth	no I do n't think his mouth opens	5	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na you want pencil	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me walk on bench	no I do n't want you to Adam	7	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me fix it together	no you ca n't put crayon back together once it 's broken	7	12	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me knock it down	no no you take it off very gently	7	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me hit babies	no do n't hit anybody with the stick	6	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me hit babies	no I would n't hit the babies	6	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me catch one pitch	no give me the lion	7	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you want one	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me have one dose	no I want you to sit up	7	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want one Paul	no he ca n't have one	5	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na make a road	no no do n't use it all at one time honey	6	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me kick a car	no you do n't kick cars do you	7	8	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me tie dat round round dere	no that wo n't fit around there	9	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me bath+tub	no I want you to get out or in	5	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me beat you like a Bobo	no I 'm not a Bobo	9	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me knock it down	no what might happen if you knocked it down	7	9	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Father	you want my camera	no why do n't you hold it	4	7	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me put in on the face	no no no do n't put that in your face	9	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me throw dis one	no not up in the air	7	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me throw over him	no do n't throw over here	7	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you want one	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	I do you want me put some milk	no just pretend	8	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me put some water in dat	no just pretend	9	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you wan na cut it	no why do you haf ta cut it	6	8	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you want some crackers	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Father	you wan na go in	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I want the scissors	no they 're too sharp Adam	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na find myself goes	no I wan na find myself goes	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I want him to ride in de	no no Adam	7	3	trail	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I like a sixty new one	no Adam do n't put anything else under there	6	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na drink	no no Adam	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I like some water to clean de pan	no just pretend	8	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	oh you want me to put all of mine in	no just save some	10	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I like just have it in it	no you do n't need ta play with the can right now	7	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	cha	cha	41	Target_Child	Mother	what cha want from the store	no thank you	6	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't understand why you want that	no you not playing the game either	8	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	I want you to do like this	no they haf ta be like that	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	does	do	he	he	43	Target_Child	Mother	he does n't like baby	no he just likes to throw things	5	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I like means	no what does that mean	6	5	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I want a pencil to write	no no you do n't bother Ursula 's bag	6	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na play banjo	no you play the banjo	5	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do you wan na eat snails	no I do n't think I 'd like to eat snails	7	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I like dat	no no dirty	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	do you want cream on yours	no you shaved those one once	6	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	they	they	47	Target_Child	Mother	do they like the whales too	no I do n't think they like the whales	6	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	he	he	47	Target_Child	Mother	he likes it	no no you 're too big honey	3	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some of my salt	no you like some of my	7	6	question	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	48	Target_Child	Mother	he wants some paint	no no you ca n't have the paint	4	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	you want some food	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	you want some money	no thank you	4	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	I want some water Mommy	no you said you had finished	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na wash it off now	no no no Adam	8	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	yes I like swordfish	no you dey dey may hit you blind you in your eye	4	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to go down and ride on the train	no let 's slide on the car	11	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta show one dose to her alright	no there are some on the floor	9	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	he	he	51	Mother	Target_Child	yes he 'd like to do it himself	no let me do it my own self	8	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	if you let someone look at it dat means you do n't want you do n't like it	no it does n't mean that you do n't like it	18	11	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	hey Mommy you want a bottle	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me pour some water in here	no not in Diandro 's bottle because that top comes off very easily	9	13	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta undo it for you Diandros	no no take it apart	8	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	54	Target_Child	Mother	he wanted it	no he just wants to take it around like Paul is taking one around	3	14	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	I want it on	no no you haf ta turn it off and then unplug it	4	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Mommy	Mommy	58	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy wants to see it	no let him look at it	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy you want some more grain	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	you want some more	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na bag	no it 's not yours do n't touch it	4	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Father	I want cookie	no not now you just ate	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Father	I want juice	no not later	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	32	Target_Child	Mother	he want book	no he does n't read any books	3	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you want you swim	no I do n't wan na swim	4	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I I want some	no you ca n't eat the water no	4	8	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I want come out	no you come out in a few minutes	4	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	want me to put them on	no not yet	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you want dis one	no give me a bobby+pin	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I want touch dat	no you do n't touch that	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	want have some	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	wan na put that new dress on	no I want put dis on	7	6	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want two birthdays	no you only get one birthday	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na	no you got enough right here	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I want a popsicle	no you wo n't eat your lunch	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	hey you wan na taste	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na smoke cigarettes	no you ca n't smoke cigarettes	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like the seeds	no throw the seeds away	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I want this	no ya ca n't have ice+cream	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	want me open it	no you do n't open it	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	41	Mother	Target_Child	if ya like orange juice	no I could n't right up to to here	5	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Father	do you like these	no I sick of them	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I want it hot	no you 've got the cold really	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Target_Child	Father	you want a take that one off	no I do n't want a take that one off	7	10	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	want me make it a pig	no I do n't think you should make it pig	6	10	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Target_Child	Mother	you want some powder+puff	no I do n't want some powder	4	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		will	will	Sheryl	Sheryl	47	Mother	Target_Child	because Sheryl wo n't Sheryl will want it and you only have one of them so you fight too much over it	no I wo n't	22	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	do do you like some of those	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Mother	want some some	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do it now	no you can do it later	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		does	do	he	he	51	Target_Child	Mother	does he like your side	no he likes your side Mommy 's side	5	8	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Target_Child	Father	you wan na get it	no he gets mad	5	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	come here I wan na talk to you	no sir	8	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like em	no sir	5	2	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na really fight	no I 'm just	7	4	question	trail	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh they do n't want any of your tea	no not really is	9	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Target_Child	Mother	oh you want me to make one of those fly a kites	no I want you to make one of these	12	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Father	you want one egg	no I 'll take three eggs	4	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you want me to mess it up	no I just want it tied	7	6	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na cut my red pants	no do n't cut your red pants	9	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you want a soda	no I want a Coke	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want a set this up there	no that 's	7	3	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you like to fly on airplanes	no I 'm zooming them away they go	7	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no we wo n't kill him	2	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	and I wan na get to sit up in the high chair	no that 's kind of silly because that 's only for babies	12	12	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	okay you wan na sit there	no I wan na sit in my own	6	8	question	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	49	Mother	Target_Child	you wann see ya wan na see if we can do it	no I got	12	3	question	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	no you you 'd like to be the grocery man	no I can I can n't get it	10	8	question	declarative	Gleason Bobby	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you want to try them	no I do n't want any of those beans	6	9	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na have cake first	no you ca n't have cake until you have something healthy	7	11	declarative	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na talk from here	no they ca n't hear you from there	6	8	declarative	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	62	Target_Child	Mother	and you wanted to come	no I came down at four thirty cause I said a half an hour and that was a half an hour	5	21	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	ya	ya	62	Target_Child	Mother	do ya want milk	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a little bit of ginger ale if you 'd like	no I want some	13	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	do n't wan na repair this	no I wan na drive it	6	6	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to play store	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	would n't you like me to give you a bag	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	it 's your cup now and I want you to drink it please	no I not thirsty anymore	13	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	would you like some of that for your baby	no my baby does n't need that today	9	8	question	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	52	Target_Child	Father	Daddy do you like milk for dinner	no I like water	7	4	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want that much	no this is for Sarah	6	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Helen	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Father	Target_Child	you want some salt on it	no I	6	2	question	trail	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	59	Father	Target_Child	well do you wan na fix it	no I	7	2	question	trail	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	want some juice	no I want apple juice	3	5	question	declarative	Gleason John	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want dwink	no you 're right	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you like do you like mustard on your cheese	no I not	10	3	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Father	want some more	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	wan na see	no do n't do n't ta do n't do n't	3	10	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	want me to try it Katie	no you can n't try it	6	6	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	um I wan na leave	no you 've gotta eat Laurie or you 're not gon ta get well	5	14	declarative	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na	no look it	3	3	declarative	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to hear a story	no no toys	7	3	question	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	so you wan na use this as your table	no oh	9	2	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you want some	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Gleason William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Father	Target_Child	I want you to talk about the snow plow	no I want some more cheese	9	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na doe back home	no well make believe home is right over here	8	9	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Gleason William	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	43	Target_Child	Father	no I do n't wan na read a story	no we do n't	9	4	declarative	trail	Gleason Ursula	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	do you think you wan na put those back in there	no I think I ju	11	5	question	trail	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some tea	no you can have some tea for a hundred and fifty dollars	5	12	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Target_Child	Father	I want coffee	no all gone	3	3	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	Child you wan na get dressed	no I go home	6	4	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	27	Target_Child	Mother	he wan na go see Daddy	no he wants to stay in here and play with you	6	11	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Father	want this	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I want go see Daddy	no he 's gone to the bath+room	5	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I wan I want some more	no not right now hon	6	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na turn the tv on	no we ca n't turn the tv on	7	8	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na sit on the chair	no you ca n't sit on the chair cause it needs glue to make it last just a little bit longer till we get	7	24	declarative	trail	Valian nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you like cookies	no I hate cookies they taste yucky	3	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na take a shower	no a bath	7	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I want more cookies	no I do n't think you should have any more	4	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	do you want another piece of paper	no you show Mike this picture for Mike	7	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Father	you like to go to food co op	no I think I 'll let you go okay	8	9	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some	no eat fresh lettuce from our garden	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some fresh lettuce	no Dad we got cheese	6	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na eat this grilled cheese too	no I 'm eating a salad	8	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy you wan na eat this grilled cheese too	no I 'm eating a salad	9	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you like that	no I do n't like that Mom	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I wan na put this down here down here	no put it in the sink	10	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na paint on this side of the paper	no I wan na make another one	11	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	Abe do you wan na come to K Mart with me	no Mom they have a new belt	11	7	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na come with me	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	do you want some more	no thank you why	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go hide again and get a surprise	no you do n't need any more surprises	10	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a grilled cheese Abe	no I want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich	7	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go outside and play with Michael	no not right now	10	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some more	no I wan na go outside instead okay Mommy okay	5	10	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na help me put this puzzle together	no I wan na hear that record	10	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	do you want some more peanuts	no we gon ta go at the football game now	6	10	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go outside now	no I wan na watch tv instead	7	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na eat one	no you ca n't eat these	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	could n't I stand up if I wanted to	no you are a mommy	9	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a taste	no I want bread and butter	5	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na put rice on it and have a rice sandwich	no I will dip it	13	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na go to the store	no I wan na stay home and watch tv	9	9	question	trail	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	yeah if you wan na	no I wan na watch tv	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some more	no thank you I want some some cranberry cranberry cranberry mushrooms yum yum	5	13	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na I wan na eat something on the way	no you eat your noodles and your celery	11	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Father	you wan na paint	no I do n't think so	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na paint	no I said that I 'm getting ready to faint	4	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you do n't like me	no I 'm uh kill you	5	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you want another bite	no that 's enough little bite	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I want some candy	no you did n't eat very much dinner	4	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	I wan na take out something out to eat	no I 'm just gon ta take the trash out	9	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	because sometimes we like it hot do n't you	no I like it warm	9	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	yeah if you want it	no I will eat it later	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na hang on to you just a second	no I wan na be home to watch Charlie Brown	10	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na help me make coffee Abe	no oh	8	2	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you want the airplanes to hit it	no you tell me you look outside	8	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	uhhuh you want your you wan na get your mittens	no I do n't think I need them	10	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na eat one	no we ca n't eat them	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		m	be	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na m I wan na get one and eat it	no we 're going to put them on the tree	12	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na try that	no take that off	6	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na go shopping with Mom and Dad	no I wan na do this first	10	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you want me to help you	no you go	7	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to fix you more	no no Mom not any more please	8	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na play a short game	no a long game	8	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	you do n't want another one	no I need ta go tee tee	6	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	would you like a sword	no I would like a thing like this	5	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na try it again all by yourself this time	no this time you help me	12	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	well you know you can use all the colors you like	no can you get me can you get me some water	11	11	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	would you like that	no I want you to make a puck with with my wood	4	12	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	do you like them like that	no I like them with colors in	6	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	would you like that	no I want a ponytail right now	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	I wan na see how you play this	no sit right here	8	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	oh do you want me to come wipe your bottom	no I want Mommy to	10	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Father	do you want the peanut butter Daddy	no you go ahead and eat it	7	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	do you want this	no do you want me to throw that away for you	4	11	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na glue everything onto the pink	no I do n't wan na do that	9	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	here do you want some more hot chocolate	no it 's really hot	8	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Sherry	Sherry	40	Target_Child	Father	can I see if Sherry wants to come out and play	no she 's gon ta come up here and play with you in a little while okay	11	17	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	40	Father	Target_Child	we do n't wan na go on a yucky day	no a trashy day a dumptruck day	10	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a little bit more meat	no that 's all the meat I want	8	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go out and feel it	no just stay in	8	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	then I wan na have ten candies	no I 'm afraid not	7	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd like to go to our orange grove and pick oranges	no how about on a orange tree	12	7	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do you want any more of my pancakes	no you can leave them	9	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Target_Child	Father	Dad would you like to feel this	no thanks that looks pretty yucky	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some on your plate	no not any on my plate	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you want the rest of your salad	no I 'm finished eating my meat	8	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some cereal instead	no not any cereal	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Target_Child	Father	so tell me what I want	no you tell me what I want	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	no you tell me what I want	no I do n't know	7	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you like it	no tonight was n't last night	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some cheese	no if you grate it up I will two zero	5	10	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you want your shirt off	no if it was winter outside then we would all be really cold if we just wore shorts right	6	19	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a bite	no how about bacon	5	4	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Father	Target_Child	I like you	no I was just pretending	3	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na take a bath	no I already did	7	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go to bed	no I wan na play too	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Father	I wan na put the honey on	no I 'll put it on	7	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	I thought you liked it	no I do n't like wheat bread	5	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na get dressed	no I think I wo n't get dressed now	6	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you do n't want any more	no I was just gon ta try it out	6	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to make a complete ramp like a bridge	no I want it to jump	12	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	do you want this kind of cereal	no I want the brown one	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some carrot	no how about toast	5	4	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a bite of this	no I do n't like it	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you wan na go out later on and see	no let me see now	11	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll get it all do you want milk	no I want coke	9	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you 'd like to	no you tell her	6	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to cut your hair	no Mommy I started to tell you something	8	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	49	Father	Target_Child	do you want me to paint it	no Daddy this is gon ta be something for you	7	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	49	Father	Target_Child	uhhuh you do n't want your gun to break when you 're out hunting wild elephants do you	no or when I 'm hunting dragons the bullets will bounce off for sure and bounce off the trees and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in	18	61	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	49	Target_Child	Father	well you could help me pick him up tonight and see if he wants to come here	no I think we 'll just wait until Friday okay	17	10	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to cut your hair tomorrow	no that would n't feel very good	9	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	or do you wan na save it for later on	no we 're not gon ta save it all day	10	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you want a bite	no I was wrestling	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Target_Child	Mother	that 's his school or somebody else 's that you wan na call	no we 'll just let him come after school	13	9	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na call Sarah Terry	no I get confused	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you like that	no I hate it	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you want bread and butter	no can I have a fork	6	6	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some cucumber	no I already ate cucumber	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some more	no I told you I was thirsty	5	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		did	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	did you wan na eat now	no I 'm not hungry	6	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na eat	no I 'm just thirsty	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	54	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na try catching now	no I still wan na bat	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you get to ride it when you wan na	no not all the time	11	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	Abe do you want some toast	no I 'm just playing with the hamster	6	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Father	Target_Child	I thought you wanted them apart	no you made it the wrong way	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	56	Father	Target_Child	do you want it	no I just wanted to know	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	Abe would you like to eat another roll	no thank you	8	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you want two graham crackers	no yeah two	6	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	do you want some more cereal	no I 'm gon ta drink my milk and then go out	6	12	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to be a medical doctor	no I would n't	8	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		would	would	you	you	58	Father	Target_Child	would you want me to cheer for the other guy	no I 'd trick the other guy	10	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	want Daddy to cheer for the other team	no I 'd change teams	8	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	okay do you want hot chocolate	no I want milk	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	Abe would you like part of a carrot	no thank you aw I think I broke my button	8	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	60	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na put it here	no that 's not under the Christmas tree	7	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want it in a tower	no want a tower	8	4	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you want it	no no want that	4	4	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some meat	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	you want one	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me to do it for you	no I wan na do it	9	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I want lots and lots	no I will have lots and lots	5	7	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	do you want me	no thank you	4	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	what would you like for dinner	no let me wait for her	6	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some lamb	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	do you want blue	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	do you want this red	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you want ketchup Lara	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	because I wan na wash it	no you do n't need you do n't need ta wash the tin	6	13	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want another one	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Father	you like some on	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to do that one day	no no this today	8	4	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want any pizza yet	no I 'm not	7	4	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you can have it on if you want	no thank you	8	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	do you want the blue	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I want one of green ones	no they 're just they 're reprints	6	7	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Father	wan na touch it	no do n't touch it	4	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Father	oh I see you want it off	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Target_Child	Father	do you want some tiger	no no not right now thank you	5	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you do n't wan na play that	no it make me sick	7	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		be	be	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	you wan na be my tummy hurts	no I do n't wan na	7	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	do you want me to help you open em	no I help all myself	9	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	would you like to hear your songs or your Mother Goose	no I want Charlie Brown	11	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you want Charlie Brown	no I want Charlie Brown book	4	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	Hulk	Hulk	34	Target_Child	Father	the Hulk do n't like chocolate	no but he likes Hulk cakes	6	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you mean you want your scab	no do n't say scab	6	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	because you do n't wan na be a pumpkin pie	no that pumpkin do n't wan na be a	10	9	question	trail	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you wan na be a jack+o+lantern	no that pumpkin wan na be a little jack+o+lantern	6	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na take all that off	no I do n't wan na take this off	8	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		will	will	she	she	34	Target_Child	Father	she will like this	no not the cracker the meat	4	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	um um I do n't wan na wear my softball shirt	no I 'll get you something nice okay	11	8	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I wan na buy them	no you ca n't buy them	5	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na eat with the lights off	no you haf ta have it on because we wan na see what you 're dropping	9	16	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na listen to all of the tapes of all your words	no I wan na go	14	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na have any breakfast	no I had beer and I had chocolate pudding	7	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Father	I want this mean one not that other mean one I brought just this white one	no you 're not short	16	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Target_Child	Father	hey I want a straw	no we do n't have any	5	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	42	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na go poo in Marky 's little toilet	no I wan na go on the big toilet where big brothers go	11	13	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	what other colors do I like	no you say what	6	4	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Father	I want for mommy to do it	no I want you to say it	7	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Father	Target_Child	you wan na be busy eating	no I wan na tell jokes	6	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	49	Father	Target_Child	Ross do you want some more cereal	no but I will have some more milk	7	8	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Father	Target_Child	want me to turn the tape+recorder off yo until you figure out what you 're gon ta say	no I um I telled Jimmy that	18	7	question	interruption	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na put it on him	no I um	7	3	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 1234AB	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na see if he has a jacket	no no he needs a	9	5	question	trail	NewmanRatner 5196AVI24	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na cook the pig	no I like pigs	7	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5440JJ24mos	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	Ma you wan na write	no I 'll let you write first	5	7	question	declarative	NewEngland Sarah	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Target_Child	Mother	I want that	no that 's not your stuff	3	6	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Elizabeth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mommy to write your name on it	no I wan na write name	10	6	question	declarative	NewEngland Jamie	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	want me to read it to you	no I read	7	3	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Jenessa	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	she	she	32	Target_Child	Mother	she wants	no I	2	2	question	declarative	NewEngland Christopher	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to turn it	no read the book	6	4	question	declarative	NewEngland Corinna	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit on this other chair	no sit another chair	8	4	question	declarative	NewEngland Paula	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you wan na put one on	no you do it	6	4	question	declarative	NewEngland Kristen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Target_Child	Mother	I want I want toys	no you ca n't have those toys now	5	8	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	wan na watch it	no we ca n't watch it right now but it has the words	4	13	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	pull I wan na pull the pony	no you ca n't pull that	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na go	no you can come over here	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	she 's waiting for me to read a book you wan na read you want daddy to read you the book	no I want you to read	21	6	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I like them	no okay then I wo n't put a battery in	3	10	trail	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na do that next time we go to the library	no I wan na get	12	5	question	trail	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	let 's sit here and be grumpy together you wan na	no I wan na read	11	5	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	ah I do n't wan na read it	no I 'll read it	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	today I really like this one	no I like that one	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na get some Play Doh and try and make em	no uh I want	12	4	question	self	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		might	might	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	um I might not exactly like that but clips with flowers I might have	no do you know what these flowers	14	7	declarative	question	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	uh I want to	no I 'm doing it while you 're doing your pill okay	4	12	declarative	question	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want sweater off	no let 's keep our sweater on sweetie	4	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you want mommy to read	no okay	5	2	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go get another book to read	no this is a blue feet	10	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	um I just wan na find something that 's not so hard	no it 's not so hard	12	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na put your other one on	no my my two backpacks	8	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	want mommy to take it off	no I want take it off	6	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit on mommy 's lap	no I want take it off	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	mommy	mommy	27	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know mommy does n't want you to whine anymore either	no I do n't want to	12	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to go get it	no I wan na get it	7	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na go on the rocking chair	no mamma you put me on a couch	8	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	well you can take it out if you want	no it 's not out	9	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that 's what you wanted	no I wan na hold it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	okay be gentle because that 's Manuela 's honey we do n't want it to break	no it 's not it 's not it 's mine	16	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		wouldjou	wouldjou	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	wouldjou like to read the best little word book ever with lowly worm	no that 's not one	13	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh you like to turn it upside down	no I do n't like upside down	8	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na look at this puzzle	no you look at that	7	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I have oh I want open it	no not in your party dress if you wan na change your clothes we can play in the sandbox	8	19	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do djou want mommy to pick out the book	no I wan na pick out the	10	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	what other book do you wan na read you wan na go get another one	no I my my Dora one	15	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to read Frederick Honey	no I 'm reading my this	7	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to make a happy pumpkin	no I 'm making something out of clay and I 'm it 's gon ta be wax be trained	9	19	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you want Mommy to make something	no I 'm making a	6	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	would you like something else	no I ca n't have cookie	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	Honey Honey if you have a stuffy nose you do n't want to keep trying to breathe in	no I 'm breathe into my nose and blow my nose	18	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want Mommy to get you something to eat	no I want take this	9	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put your backpack on so you can go wherever you want	no I do n't want it	13	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na carry it then	no it 's heavy	6	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you just wan na carry your box	no I is it any else	7	6	question	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh you wan na go look	no I want uh uh something to eat crackers	6	9	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a yogurt bar	no I want it 's cold	6	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you want Mommy to pick it out	no I want to pick it out	8	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	tell me if you like this	no I want a chocolate	6	5	declarative	interruption	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want any water	no I want something um a juice	6	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na look in this drawer Honey	no I want the no I want the um I wan na um	9	13	question	trail	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	well maybe you wan na sit in the kitchen with mommy and keep me company	no I want um some more chocolate chips	15	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	okay would you like me to give you another bowl where you can mix things	no I want one	15	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want your you want me to go get your stool	no I want this	11	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want snow	no I do n't want to I go outside	3	9	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sing Hey Diddle Diddle	no I do n't want any songs	7	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some cinnamon sugar toast	no I want	7	3	question	self	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some crackers	no I 'm just gon ta think	5	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	maybe you 'd like something else to eat	no I do n't want to to eat this pretend	8	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na read a different book Honey	no this one	8	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want anymore	no I 'm all done	5	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na draw another picture	no we	6	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich	no I want a	8	4	question	trail	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	this is a long one do you wan na read a shorter one	no that one	13	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you want any more bagel Honey	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na take a nap	no but I wan na read a book	6	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you want Mommy to help you mix it a little bit more	no I 'm gon ta mix it myself	12	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you wan na blow your nose with a tissue	no thank you Mommy	11	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na read Toot and Puddle	no I 'm cleaning up	7	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	how about do you like Frog and Toad	no but that has the snake	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na look at your solar system book	no you read it	9	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I can give you some of the cherry medicine for your stuffy nose if you want	no I do n't feel well I do n't need my cherry medicine	17	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like to touch the pinchers	no not those pinchers they hurt	8	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	this one is that 's what friends are for do you want that one	no this one	14	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want to scratch your back it will hurt	no you can scratch it softly because I have an itch	11	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like crust at all	no sometimes when we go out to dinner mommy eats all the crusty bread and you get to eat the soft inside right	7	23	declarative	question	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	maybe you wan na sing Amanda the bumble bee song	no thank you	10	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	wan na show Amanda your lil princess thing	no no do n't put it on now	8	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	maybe there 's a song about a princess you would like to sing	no no help help grab my hand	13	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	you want the feather duster to clean	no I need this because it 's not flat enough	7	10	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	and guess what I do n't want	no no no I do n't want you to keep hitting me	7	12	interruption	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na hold your box with your microphone	no it 's mine	10	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	now if you wanted them really chocolaty Honey you could do chocolate cookies with chocolate frosting would you prefer that	no I like this kind	20	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no thank you	2	3	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na do loo loo	no loo loo	8	3	question	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	wan na clean up	no William just eat your yogurt and do n't worry about cleaning up	4	13	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na push you	no honey mommy 's gon ta push you	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	want play what 's matter	no Amanda Amanda went byebye she 'll be back later she 'll be back in a little while	5	18	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	28	Mother	Target_Child	okay how about how about we 'll do something else ya wan na play ball	no I wan na bike	15	5	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na hit the ball	no I want daddy	6	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take	no ya haf ta keep that on William	4	8	trail	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I I wan na take the bag off	no you ca n't do that honey	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	thought you wanted	no I do n't wan na dance	3	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	ya	ya	29	Mother	Target_Child	would ya like some more banana	no I do n't want	6	5	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	wan na watch Caillou	no we 're not gon ta watch tv	4	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	wan na give me a kiss	no I 'm okay	6	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to sit on the other side	no I 'm eating my toast	9	6	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some bananas or apples	no take this off	7	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta be the director will you tell me what you 'd like	no you do it	15	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I want tv	no we do n't want to	3	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Father	wan na under it	no you ca n't take that out sweetie	4	8	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Father	in there I wan na under it over there	no come here come on	9	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Father	let 's bounce it wan na bounce	no no it 's not like that	7	7	interruption	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	want me to help you	no I do it	5	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na play Candy Land too	no I do n't want I want you	7	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na play Candy Land	no I do n't wan na play wan na play	6	10	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	wan na read this one	no that 's a bad book	5	6	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no do n't slam them	3	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na play a game	no I wan na	6	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na watch tv	no you know what I 'd really like to do	5	10	question	question	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit right here on this chair	no I 'm too big	9	5	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na sit	no I do n't think	6	5	question	trail	Providence William	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you want to	no do want to work	3	5	trail	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I want to	no no keep it on it 's fine we 'll fix it	3	12	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na finish do this	no put the backpack on	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	wan na come	no I want you to help me with the table	3	10	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na play	no I we 're not going to play with this I know	4	12	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to help me here with all this stuff	no I 'm done	11	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I want do like this	no you know what I do n't	5	7	interruption	self	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	oh no I wan na one more	no Mommy 's done I need a break	7	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to build some trains	no no Mommy	7	3	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want Mommy	no we 'll play with something else okay	3	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	uh I wan na ooh color this	no no I do n't really like that one	7	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to help you a little	no I want the baby potato	9	6	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	Alex why do n't we would you like to play with your trucks	no put the train up the hill	13	7	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I want play with this let 's go	no get down okay let 's go	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I want to tv	no we ca n't we 're not gon ta watch tv now	4	12	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have much breakfast would you like a snack	no I going stay	11	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some raisins in a bowl	no there 's in the bag	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some	no I want a snack	4	5	self	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	thank you but I do n't want that one yet	no Mommy you did n't in	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to try and straighten them out	no thanks clean it	9	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I like the red one better	no gimme my gimme my train please there thank you	6	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you would you like to take your bag out with you today	no I go see Amanda	12	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to put it back	no no read it	7	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	here would you like a turn	no we 're march	6	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do hair	no no no honey I 'm gon ta show you watch	5	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to do the boy one or the girl one	no the little boy one	12	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to get it for you	no I put it here	9	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you can make two if you want because I gave you an orange one	no I	14	2	declarative	interruption	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	wan na play Mom wan na	no that is mine	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I like the microphone	no you ca n't take it out it wo n't work	4	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have some supper Naima	no wan na read a book about ooching Loly Worm	8	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	23	Mother	Target_Child	d'you think he wants his mommy to get more food for him	no he eats Sally finish it wash her bowl off	12	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I like the all the seeds are all gone	no there 's still some seeds there	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'd like to eat my dinner	no read them	8	3	self	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na get out of your chair	no I want a towel	9	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na roll her up like that	no sit her up just sit her up	8	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you want a nice sticker	no you do n't want a sticker	7	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	animals	animal	25	Mother	Target_Child	those animals really like to get into our garbage I think	no there 's a bear	11	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't want you to do that	no you want	8	3	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	cow cow you want some cow butter	no no I think no	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want me to show you	no I 'm gon ta walk away with them	8	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some snack bar	no I do n't need	6	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	is that what you want	no you you want to pick out	5	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	bears	bear	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think bears do like cheese especially bear cubs	no a bicka bicka bear bicka bear bicka bicka bear a bicka bicka bear a bicka bicka bear	9	18	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na to sit on a potty and poop	no no you 're gon ta poop in a box to be like a cat	10	15	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to get into bed and start nap time	no I wan na want to shut up and	11	9	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		might	might	Daddy	Daddy	29	Father	Target_Child	I think Daddy might wan na curl up in that nest with you	no I 'm	13	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	does	do	bear	bear	29	Mother	Target_Child	the little bear does n't like her salmon	no I 'm a little baby king+fisher	8	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	29	Mother	Target_Child	d'you wan na bring the pad of construction paper	no I 'm going to to carry him down	9	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	Lucy	Lucy	29	Mother	Target_Child	Lucy likes to hide I think	no you check her	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	d'you mean you want me to take the tray off	no I wan na take the tray off	10	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	well we 're gon ta put 'em back 'cause we 're gon ta you said you wanted to get out you said I 'm done and we need to get ready to go to beach right	no no I would like to have this	36	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to do a thing	no I want you see if there 's a blender in your shirt	7	13	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na tell me what 's happening	no I mean I mean sing that	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	children	child	31	Mother	Target_Child	do the bird children wan na pick out some books now	no not yet	11	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Chicken	Chicken	31	Mother	Target_Child	I wonder if Motorcycle Chicken would like the tale of two bad mice	no finish reading those other stories in Baby Bug	13	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na use the magnetic letters or the block letters	no I wan na use the stickers	12	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you mean these letters you wan na match	no I mean the the blue letters in the book	8	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want a sippy cup of milk	no I want smoothie	7	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	and then I will let you help me make the cookies if you would like to	no I 'm gon ta pick up	16	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sorry you do n't wan na do it but it 's something we haf ta do	no we 're gon ta go to dentist 's instead	18	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the dentist 's instead	no I do	11	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you want any water for rinsing	no no no I wan na finish the	7	8	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	but imonna help you look for those uh tongs now but I do want to keep talking to you about a nap because I know that when you take a nap sometimes it helps you feel better	no it 's not gon ta help	37	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na wan na wan na wan na eat it not at table	no you haf ta eat it at a table	14	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want another piece of paper to make another picture	no I 'm I 'm I 'm going to do something some other kind of art	11	16	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	could make a necklace with those beads if you want	no no I wan na do some other kind of art like	10	12	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you want some other paper to glue or you gon ta use this paper	no no no I wan na make an origami	14	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na wrap it around him	no no do n't wrap it around you	7	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't like peanuts	no I know you do n't	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		might	might	who	who	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you a child who might like something to	no make some money that 's not photocopied	9	8	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some frozen strawberry	no no I would not like any snacks like frozen strawberry	6	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na see what 's happening	no do n't touch it	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you want your red slippers	no I do n't want them	6	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to go	no not yet	5	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some help	no I wan na scream too	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you want a set of colors for your painting	no not the same ones	9	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na sort silverware for me Naima	no not	9	2	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you want some apple	no no I want	4	4	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you can help me do it if you want	no Mommy it 's it 's too late	9	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some plastic wrap from the drawer to use	no no I already got plastic pretending plastic wrap	11	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh you want that back	no I I we 're gon ta trace	5	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na turn off the oh	no not much but but but but but actually a beach a beach	7	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		does	do	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	does he like to see all the things over this part of the house	no he likes to see the other in the hospital	14	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I want you to	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I want it back	no no it spilled out	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na make some medicine bottles	no the medicine bottle	8	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	okay I 'd like you to stop doing that actually	no I 'm not	10	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play blocks instead	no I do n't wan na play store	7	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a grumpy customer now cause you did n't have things I wanted	no I 'm beeping the lemon first	14	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	you may you may use the timer if you want	no you 're supposed to	10	5	declarative	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to be the doctor	no no I 'm the doctor and you 're his Mommy	7	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you can roll it back in the bed+room if you want	no I can roll it right here	11	7	declarative	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na see the truck	no we 'll see the truck later	6	7	declarative	declarative	Tardif Keith	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	okay we 've got to try to think of something that you wan na play with because you said that you do n't wan na play our game you already did a puzzle and the vacuum is too loud so	no wear it	40	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	wan na put the letter right right here	no you know you gotta they start again though so after you read these letters then it starts in the next row	8	22	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you you sure you do n't wan na wear these	no you wear it	11	4	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I was wondering if maybe you wanted a little ramp or a little slide and then the truck could slide down on it what do you think of that	no eh eh	29	3	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		will	will	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I will want me to be right back I 'm gon ta get	no we 're staying in here	14	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na help me get the tape	no I 'm just gon ta wait here with her	8	10	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go see it	no no it 's back too far	6	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I want some more Chewies please	no I think you 've had enough Chewies	6	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na look for something honey	no I 'm just doing	8	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play this game	no play this game	7	4	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na try	no I 'm not sure	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na build something	no I 'm just being the meat eater	6	8	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na tell Ryan about the game how you do the pet shop game	no I wan na show him that game Chutes and Ladders	16	11	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I just wanted to tell you though tell me what you think about this I really wan na go to Splash Lagoon so I 'm thinking maybe you guys should n't go because I ca n't go with	no we 're gon ta go	38	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but this is fine because I think I only wan na buy one anyway	no you can buy all I want you to buy all	15	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you offered it to her and then you decided you wanted it back	no I was gon ta ask her because I still saw it there	13	13	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	so you offered it to her then you decided you wanted it back	no I 'm I was gon ta ask her because I still saw it there	13	15	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	hum you want these	no it 's probably not open	4	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you like to play zebras	no I like to to see zebras	5	7	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	no I do n't want the rest of it	no you 're not gon ta be like Bugs Bunny anymore	9	11	declarative	question	Weist Benjamin	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Father	I want Big Bird	no what were you wearing on your head	4	8	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	he	he	30	Target_Child	Father	he he do n't like the cats	no right there what 's he doing with that broom	7	10	declarative	question	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	hey you want do you wan na sleep down here	no I sleep upstairs	10	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Father	nah I do n't like that movie	no the book	7	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Target_Child	Father	yeah but you can draw him again if you wan na	no we 're not we 're done with the chalkboard okay	11	11	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na see whats inside that gray cabinet Roman	no in just a minute I 'm sitting on it in just a minute	11	14	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you want me to erase the spider	no do n't erase the spider	8	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you wan na go up and hear the tape that 's what you want and you ca n't do that right now	no I wan na go up and give her my dinosaur	22	11	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Father	I wan na go upstairs and show you something	no Roman we 're not going upstairs okay	9	8	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Father	I wan na go upstairs and show her something	no why do n't you stay down here	9	8	imperative_emphatic	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Father	I wan na hide	no you ca n't hide right now	4	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Father	nuffing else I wan na	no no no Roman come on	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Father	I want the playdough	no we 're not gon ta play right now we 're gon ta talk	4	14	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	but I wan na show her my shorts	no your shorts are in the bathroom	8	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Father	Target_Child	I do n't wan na grow up	no not that one	7	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		could	could	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	could I just I wan na feel that squishy thing	no you haf ta listen	10	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Father	Target_Child	I want you to listen okay	no I do n't wan na to listen	6	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	wan na see if she can guess what this is	no I can tell	10	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na watch I 'd rather watch some tv instead	no we 're not watching tv instead	12	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	um sure but I wan na watch something on	no do n't turn the tv on mister	9	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	51	Father	Target_Child	we do n't want that to happen	no no I 'm not gon ta mark	7	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	show her the one that likes to sleep on the bottom	no I 'll just stay here	11	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Father	I wan na leave it	no you ca n't leave it	5	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	55	Father	Target_Child	what about all the other things you like Roman like hotdogs	no not hotdogs	11	3	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you wan na come with me	no I 'm going to the mud	6	7	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na start	no you	4	2	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Father	do you wan na nurse	no I 'm full of milk	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Father	do you wan na nurse	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Father	do you wan na eat	no I 'm very full I do n't wan na eat anything	5	12	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	but I really like the pizza guy	no he 's being a nice pizza	7	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		does	do	she	she	24	Mother	Target_Child	does n't she want any did you ask her	no she does n't want it	9	6	question	declarative	Howe Richard	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a drink	no no more	5	3	question	declarative	Howe Barry	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	want	no I want to carry you down the street okay	1	10	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Father	Target_Child	you wan na put the animals back in	no all done	8	3	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Father	Target_Child	no want Dada to get them out	no we ca n't go under there	7	7	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na go to school	no I going to town	8	5	question	declarative	Post She	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	19	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do it	no if you do n't want her messing with your buttons you do n't mash hers	5	16	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want little one	no you ca n't take Travis 's little ones cause you already gave them to him	4	16	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want that one	no Kalie you have some	4	5	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want that one	no do n't pull his hair Kalie	4	7	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want that one	no no you ca n't have all of them Kalie	4	10	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I want that baseball glove on my hand	no yours needs a flower	8	5	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I want this one	no no no you have your pen right there	4	9	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	do you want a taste	no thank you love	5	4	question	declarative	Wells Samantha	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit there by Ian do you	no oh	9	2	question	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I want the tee shirt off	no you 're not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no you 've got to leave it on	2	8	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na now	no I 'm not going to wallop you	6	8	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I want some socks	no you	4	2	trail	trail	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I want me house	no otherwise I 'll have it burnt	4	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Martin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you like your baked potato	no I do n't like it	7	6	question	declarative	Wells Gavin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na fight	no you hurts	4	3	declarative	declarative	Wells Gavin	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na pour a little bit of it	no well not yet	9	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	Mummie I want my apron off	no keep it on	6	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Betty	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you wants that elephant do you	no the Mummy one	6	4	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a drink	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want that	no you ca n't have your coat on love	3	9	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	me	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	me wan na go down to here	no you 'll tumble	7	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	do n't you like them	no I do n't like them	5	6	question	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	Mummie I want this off	no you got to keep that on	5	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do it	no you do n't wan na do it	5	8	declarative	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na get a tissue	no I want you to read now	7	7	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't want any cream thank you	no thank you	9	3	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na listen Baaee 's	no you ca n't listen to Baaee 's tape recorder right now	5	12	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na go to sleep in daddy 's room	no we 're too tired	9	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na put this peam put Nathaniel this is Baaee 's peam	no this is Nathaniel 's cream	12	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have the book	no can you say	5	4	declarative	trail	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	wan na jump on the bed	no you do n't jump on the bed	6	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to start sitting on the pottie and go pee pee	no no wipe the wipe the pee pee off	13	9	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	want your sucky suck	no enne read two eh bed	4	6	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na tell you that you have a dirty face	no I have a clean face today	11	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na do a bah	no I do n't wan na do a bah	6	9	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to bring them	no I bring them all my all by myself	6	9	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall I bring your pottie downstairs for when you wan na	no uh uh no do n't bring my pottie down	11	10	interruption	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd like some special granola Nathaniel	no I like uh some that special daola	7	8	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	where 's de uh I want I want I want go in	no there 's only one for that one	12	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		does	do	he	he	45	Target_Child	Mother	does he want two	no he says	4	3	question	quotation	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	how come you wan na read this	no I do n't wan na read this book	7	9	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	wan na put it up on the table	no I take it in Maggie 's house	8	8	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	want more	no I do n't think so	2	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I want more apple juice	no there 's no apple juice in here	5	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	do you want	no I do n't want another one	3	7	trail	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I I want that	no these are Mommy 's	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	you want some too Mom	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	want some	no I do n't want any	2	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	you want some	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you like fresh apricots	no I like wet apricots	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na try it	no here 's a puzzle that missing some pieces	5	9	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh I like elephants but I would n't put my foot under an elephant	no I would n't	14	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I 'd like to look at this book before you go to bed	no I do n't wan na read	13	7	declarative	trail	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na wear those shoes after your nap	no now	10	2	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh you wan na read it to me	no you read it to me	8	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want them opened	no that 's for grownups	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	okay you can cut this if you want	no I wan na cut cut on my coloring book	8	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	doll	doll	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think your doll would like to see all the things that Santa Claus brought you	no she does n't like Santa Claus	17	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	hello little dolly what would you like for Christmas	no you 're her Mommy	9	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go play with outside like this	no you ca n't go like that	9	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na take the man out of it	no not seat	10	3	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go somewhere else	no it 's pretty cold outside	6	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you like the skirt and blouse	no put this on her	8	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na put this on this little girl	no that goes on the baby	9	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	is that what you want	no there 's a blue dress	5	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	maybe she would like peppermint tea do you think	no she does n't	9	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	he	he	39	Mother	Target_Child	I thought he liked garbage	no he does n't eat garbage	5	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Father	Target_Child	I want you tell me about vacation Bible school	no I wan na talk about Peter	9	7	declarative	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Father	I just want ta play a joke	no we 're not going to play a joke	7	9	declarative	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	59	Father	Target_Child	you do n't wan na talk	no I wan na listen to	6	6	declarative	trail	Warren George	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	wan na play that one	no I gon ta play this one	5	7	question	declarative	Warren Gina	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wan na put some of your people in here	no I think that 's for	9	6	question	trail	Warren John	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Mother	want my my salt please	no that 's enough salt Laura	5	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I want	no I brought it	2	4	declarative	self	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I want dir	no that 's not a dirty one	3	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	wan na hear again	no we 're not gon ta hear it again	4	9	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na hear it	no we heard it	5	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	wan na kaka in booster+chair	no do n't do kaka in your booster+chair	5	8	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	28	Target_Child	Father	Daddy want my	no thank you	3	3	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Linda	Linda	30	Mother	Target_Child	Linda wants to be a big girl	no she does n't	7	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	wan na hear Laura	no I 'm not recording Laura	4	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you may touch if you wan na ouch	no could you help me touch with a Kleenex	8	9	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some shrimp	no I do n't like shrimp	5	6	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na go swim today	no do n't wan na	6	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I want dump your purse	no you ca n't dump my purse	5	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go nini again	no not right now	6	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like cereal	no you do n't have cereal	5	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go nini now	no it 's too early	6	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	could I put it on my head if I want	no no it should n't go on your head	10	9	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	maybe you 'd like a fish for your birthday	no then it 'll die	9	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	wan na pit her she 's pregnant	no she 's not pregnant	7	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I could be a streaker if I wan na right because my pants are not on	no you ca n't be a streaker	16	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want momma to read it to you	no I can read it	8	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na go back and read it	no after I 'm done I read them all again and more after I 'm done with	8	17	question	trail	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you like to dance	no ah you you	5	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	but Firstname do you like to dance	no ah you you	7	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na sit in pink chair	no you stay right here with mommy	7	7	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na turn lights off	no we do n't want lights off	6	7	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go and try up there	no we ca n't touch it	8	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you would like to drive a car	no I put the button	7	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	mommy I wan na get down	no were not gon ta get down	6	7	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to read another one	no let 's go see that lady	7	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you like that cat	no that 's a head	4	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I like the	no it 's not	3	4	trail	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to finish these sandwiches	no no straw	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't want you having the scissors do we	no no snip snips	10	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	want more Daddad	no Daddy 's not going to sleep	3	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to sit dolly on your rocking horse	no oh all done baby	10	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		does	do	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	she just wants to stand and look at the door does n't she	no no want a more food	13	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	might	might	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you might not want it changing but you need it	no Nin Nin no Nin Nin no Nin Nin no Nin Nin	10	12	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to undo the strap	no no Nin Nin	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit on my knee	no Nin Nin	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some more milk Thomas	no a the biscuit	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want it	no Nin Nin	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na watch the truck	no no green truck	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		does	do	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	Purdie wants to go back outside does n't she	no no brush a trees	9	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to do it now	no there	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some more	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some Cornflakes without milk	no no milk	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want the biscuit with the icing left	no the leaves	10	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you wan na do this	no do it	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some cheese	no hold it	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		does	do	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	she likes to be treated gently does n't she	no pat her	9	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to look at the toys in	no thank you please	10	4	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	and you said you wanted to read a book	no no want it	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some cheese	no no Mummy eat it	5	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you not want that there	no no need that down there	6	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want to get down	no want these apples	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you want your helmet off now	no not need that	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a piece of cheese	no have have a letters	7	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd like to play with your letters	no a Mummy 's letters	8	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you like	no no need them Mummy	2	5	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to get into your highchair	no wan na	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to eat those	no no reach them	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you not wan na do the jigsaw	no no want Winnie Pooh	8	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	but you like cheese Thomas	no I wan na dig	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a pillow	no need it	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	would you like milk	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na put some biscuits in Purdie 's bowl	no some some pussy cats eaten	10	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want a cuddle either	no I need a kiss	7	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	summer I not like this juice	no it was n't summer it was Christmas you did n't like it	6	13	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		might	might	Daddy	Daddy	36	Mother	Target_Child	because Daddy might wan na read that Thomas	no I wan na read it	8	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na see what 's going on underneath	no I	10	2	question	interruption	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	no want that one	no that 's not for you	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	because you liked this one at toddler group	no I not want that one	8	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I want you to finish your milk and eat your biscuit and then I 'll get something for us to do	no not get it	21	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to do some more weeds	no I do some	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't like it when you wo n't eat your meal and you just want	no no wood	17	3	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	want a sweetie	no you 're not having a sweetie now	3	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	no not want that	no I know you do n't	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you want that	no we did n't	4	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas please would you tell me if you 'd like an apple	no I wo n't	12	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you want one	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	but I want it	no but you keep putting your hand in Tom	4	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	would	would	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you would n't like to think you were sleeping in a cardboard box somewhere would you	no I wan na sleep in a cardboard box	16	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	no you want da want this one	no leave the big one on as well please because it 's a bit hard now I 've got my head in the cupboard to see properly is n't it	7	30	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	want this light on	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a wee Tom	no it 's a bit wet my nappie	6	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you not want that either	no I want Norman fall down this hole here	6	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na scratch my back	no but the thing is if you scratch when you 've got little chicken pox spots you 'll have spots forever more	6	22	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I want do some more	no no we do n't need it on the baking tray love	5	12	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na use your little rolling pin on it	no thank you	11	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you know wan na listen to my story about my pussy cat	no I not like it	13	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some shapes to draw	no I want my pencil	7	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not being nice to me just because you want a chocolate are you Thomas	no it 's not my chocolate I 'm gon ta deliver it round to you	16	15	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	42	Target_Child	Mother	do n't wan na read anymore storys	no we 're not reading it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		did	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	did you want it again	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	Purdie	Purdie	42	Target_Child	Mother	Purdie want some Smarties	no I do n't know what Purdie wants	4	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a piece of cheese Thomas	no thank you	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	would you like a drink yet	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to come and sit on my knee	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	right would you like to sit on your potty please	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	do you wan na taste it	no thank you Thomas	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	but you can have a ickle bite if you like	no it 's fine actually	10	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I like you very much	no I think Miss Ashworth was the best	5	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to roll the the rolling pin through the flour please	no it 's called strawberries	13	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I like his Mummy	no no do n't want it	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	would you like cornflakes or Rick Krispies	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Thomas	Thomas	45	Mother	Target_Child	no but Thomas the camera would like to see	no but I want	9	4	declarative	self	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a beat on the egg	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	do you wan na throw something in the rubbish	no I do n't think we want anything in the rubbish at them moment do we	9	16	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you want a tissue throwing in the rubbish	no thank you	9	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	would you like that piece of bread	no can you have a bit of it	7	8	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	I know what you want it for	no I do n't need it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Target_Child	Mother	want this bear	no thank you	3	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		does	do	he	he	47	Mother	Target_Child	does he not really want a cup of tea	no he 's just not well	9	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	right would you like some water in the milk jug as well Thomas	no thanks you	13	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to come nearer the table	no I gon ta sit on him	8	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to take the lid off	no I can do it with this	9	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	would you like these little smarties	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I want a	no you ca n't go now	3	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na play with you but that is n't what you should be asking me	no I do n't know	16	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go out on my own	no not yet Thomas	8	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go outside	no we ca n't go outside just yet	5	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to write one five for you to copy	no I wan na	12	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	who	who	52	Target_Child	Mother	who wants to go on the boiler machine	no thank you	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	do n't want one	no not the juice Thomas just the fruit	4	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you like the head teacher	no she 's	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	so I do n't like dolls	no I know	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to undo it	no I undo it	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	which box would you like	no I did n't want one of those	5	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to put her hat on	no it 's	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Nana	Nana	53	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Nana would like to be likened to a red dinosaur do you	no she 's black	16	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want an apple either	no I do n't want anything else	7	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	but Mummy I do n't wan na play on these	no it 's alright you do n't haf ta eat but please go back to the table until I 've finished eating	10	22	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't want you slipping	no I	6	2	declarative	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy I wan na do something	no that Pritt	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na pick something nice	no you 're not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	she	she	54	Target_Child	Mother	um I think she wants she wants to stand on the flowers	no I do n't think she 'll stand on the flowers	12	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I just wan na say something very rude	no you keep it to yourself then	8	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want that there	no but I want it like that	6	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	57	Mother	Target_Child	well we do n't want an accident do we	no I want it	9	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na just lay that little bat in there	no I wan na lay a batty	11	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	for P E because you do n't wan na get them wet	no but you just put your shorts on top of your pants do n't you	12	15	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	do you want	no I 'll have some apple	3	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	the security guard came back to me and said you want a sweet security guard said	no I do n't think he would Thomas	16	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	here you want some	no I do n't want any coffee	4	7	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	I do n't want it	no we 're almost done	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	he	he	46	Father	Target_Child	he likes to lay down when he rides	no he likes	8	3	declarative	trail	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	we	we	46	Father	Target_Child	we wan na land please	no not yet	5	3	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	hey no I wan na get in the tower	no you be here back here me too	9	8	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na go downstairs	no it 's too early	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na put your jacket on Fraser	no I got see oh gosh	9	6	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you want another book	no another book oh	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you want this box	no that box	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	blue	blue	27	Mother	Target_Child	well we 're just about to play blue 's clues to figure out what blue wants to do tonight	no I do it	19	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you like Pooh Bear	no I like water	5	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it wanted to go to bed Fraser	no it is n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na go to school	no I wan na	6	4	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na wash my hands	no you 're alright	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na I wan na do the wipes	no you ca n't do it	9	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na eat	no not eat	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	who	who	28	Mother	Target_Child	who wants the magazine	no see the magazine	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to move	no no move that way	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to eat it	no not me me eat that	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na sit on my lap	no I wan na read	8	5	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	but I wan na get some	no I wan na show you something	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na put your Bob the Builder jacket on	no my Bob the Builder costume	11	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to help you take it apart	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to help you	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't like the gym	no you did n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	and I did n't wan na go the gym	no you did n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you want me to sort them out for you	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	do you want lights on it Fraser	no no light	7	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go downstairs and have your tea	no you	10	2	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like it	no I do n't like that	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	she	she	34	Mother	Target_Child	maybe she wants to sit here by the water	no that 's crocodile lake	9	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	did you like toy+story	no that 's	4	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na watch Woody	no I do n't wan na watch that	6	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some juice	no it does n't go on the	5	7	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you do n't like this one	no I wan na read I want you to read me a story	7	13	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not wan na read Jwww 's book any more	no I 'm finish it now	11	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like Mu I do n't like the shower	no you like baths do n't you	11	7	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	over there because I want because I so I can get up	no no no you 're not getting a chair	12	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	do n't like to eat foot	no I do n't like to eat your foot thank you very much	6	13	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	oh I want the scooter out	no we 're not getting the scooter out	6	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want you to carry me	no you 're a big boy	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		would	would	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	why would they wan na come out	no not the they do n't wan na come out	7	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like splinters	no I do n't like splinters either	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na play pirates do you	no that are those are not pirates	9	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	Jwww	Jwww	36	Target_Child	Mother	and Jwww did n't wan na go on that water ride	no he did n't did he	11	6	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't I do n't I I did n't I did n't want Pepsi cola did I	no you wanted Fruitshoot	18	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na hide in there	no you 're not hiding in there	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want play this	no it 's too noisy	4	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na play that	no it 's too noisy darling	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to do this one	no I wan na do that one	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I want but I I can scr I can hold them	no not now because they 're wet	12	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't we do n't like daddy long legs do we	no we do n't like daddy long legs	12	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	no we do n't want him to hurt himself do we	no we do n't want Jwww to hurt off Jwww 's bike	11	12	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do it	no we 're not doing drawing	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na do these ones	no I wan na do this	8	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do all of them	no you 've been naughty	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	and we do n't like black lions	no that 's the panther	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na read all the page	no we 're not reading all the stories	7	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	now I want now I wan na play the Spot one	no shall we go and get some shoes on for you	11	11	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na read this	no not the noisy book	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	they	they	36	Target_Child	Father	they all want	no he 's had enough now	3	6	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like egg	no you do n't do you	5	6	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you like playing upstairs Fraser	no I like playing downstairs	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	I we do n't like daddy long legs do we	no we do n't like daddy long legs	10	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	because I wan na	no well we haf ta tidy the these things away first	4	11	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh we do n't like them do we	no do n't like those	8	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I want I want I wan na play this one	no it 's too noisy darling	10	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a cup of milk	no I not	7	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na open it	no that 's dangerous darling	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	I wan na play him	no we 're not playing that	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I want noisy book	no you 're not having noisy books	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	Maisy	Maisy	36	Mother	Target_Child	Maisy likes driving her tractor	no that 's not right	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and see Mummy 's buds on the flowers on the on the sweet+peas	no I wan na color	18	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	but you like this one	no I like this one	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	no I like this one	no you like this one	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	did	do	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	did he Jwww did n't wan na go in there did he	no he did n't did he	12	6	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you like your cheese on toast	no I did n't like my cheese	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na color these fish in	no I wan na color	8	5	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	i	37	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't like Bodger and Badger do I	no you do n't like Bodger and Badger	10	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		is	be	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	but I I wan na but I not never is it	no take your	11	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	want me to draw Maisy	no I wan na	5	4	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you want the blue crate	no that blue crate	5	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor would you like some apple	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Target_Child	Mother	you like cup of coffee	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Target_Child	Father	Dada do you want yours	no thank you	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want take jacket off	no keep your jacket on because it keeps you warm	5	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	no do n't want temperature	no we haf ta do temperature darling	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want would you like to hold Fizz	no thank you	9	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Father	I want my slipper	no your slippers are n't there	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na do it	no I want	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Eleanor	Eleanor	24	Mother	Target_Child	would Eleanor like some passion+fruit	no thank you Mummy	5	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na get it	no you do n't touch the clock	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na do do you wan na go to the toilet	no thank you been toilet	13	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want I do n't want	no you haf ta tell Mama what number	8	8	interruption	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	want	no you tell Mama what number it is first then you can go and get it what number	1	18	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you not wan na make something with your Play Doh today	no I want it I want play Play Doh	12	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	okay do you wan na put your hand on there	no I want	10	3	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	would you like some toast	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want oranges	no the oranges are finished	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want some water	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you Aww did you can you tell Pilchard Pichard wants to know the capital of India	no not wan na	17	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor do you wan na put it on the track	no I needed the track	10	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na	no you haf ta eat your l dinner	5	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	would he like a cup of tea	no I like cup of tea	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	24	Target_Child	Mother	and would you like some toast	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	pretend I like some toast	no not yet darling	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	does	do	Mama	Mama	24	Mother	Target_Child	Mama 's been had her breakfast and Mama does n't want any toast	no there 's some toast	13	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na do I wan na do the	no not yet	9	3	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	24	Target_Child	Mother	ah do you wan na give you that towel there	no I 'm going to give you the trousers	10	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na	no you do n't touch spots ooh	3	7	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I want some	no no no they 're very hot	3	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I like the ice+lolly	no not now darling	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I like I a pink lolly	no no lollies	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	Mama	Mama	24	Mother	Target_Child	you know what Mama would like a latte please	no again	9	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na make some more	no you 're gon ta have your yoghurt and then you can you 've had passion+fruit you do n't have you have one a day darling	6	26	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	this I wan na take teddy out	no teddy 's going to having a rest darling	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to do a wee wee	no I I done wee wee	8	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy I want play with Play Doh	no you 're not playing with Play Doh today	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want a	no you 're not having crisps	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to help you	no I want help you Mama	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na finish the whole book we wan na do different ones different days shall we do something else now	no I wan na do those	23	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I want it	no the ice+cream Dada	3	4	declarative	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na eat it	no darling you ca n't have ice+cream when the band comes and when you hear the music then we can get some ice+cream okay	5	24	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Father	want kebob	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you want anymore	no I need some tissue	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	would you like some banana	no th	5	2	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	um I want I wan na play with the clay	no what you 'll we 'll build that tomorrow	10	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	would would you like a drink	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Father	I wan na drink it	no it 's old water	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	wan na take that off	no do n't take it out	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na see Daddy	no not yet	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	would would you like a drink	no thank you	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	no I want Readybrek	no not today	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	but I want Readybrek	no not today	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na watch Snow White	no you 're not watching Snow White yet	6	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I want to watch Snow White	no you 're not watching Snow White	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		do	do	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	do you like muesli	no thank you	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want the hairband	no you haf ta because your hair 's going in your eyes darling	6	13	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		have	have	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na have I want cheese and pop	no you 're not allowed to have cheese if you 've got a bad stomach darling	9	16	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't wan na play in	no you haf ta play in there	7	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you want some help	no thank you	5	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		would	would	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	um I would like to say I I wan na play with you Ewww	no you haf ta write happy birthday	14	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	but I thought you wanted to do a jigsaw	no I wan na stamps	9	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh alright you make me a cup of tea then if you do n't wan na	no I	16	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na do my elephant blanket	no you can use do you want my cardigan as a blanket	8	12	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take it away	no no do n't take it	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you want a cuddly toy	no I just cuddle you	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take everybody 's clothes off because	no you do n't take	9	5	trail	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy I wan na iron them	no you 're not allowed to take their clothes off	6	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy I wan na iron some	no you ca n't iron their clothes	6	7	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	want these	no do n't do that	2	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not want Mum	no I got a Barbie 's and Barbie scooter	5	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na draw it	no you do n't need that darling	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want any um tomatoes in	no I have n't put tomatoes in	8	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I like this	no you	3	2	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	I	i	36	Target_Child	Father	I do n't wan na lose it do I	no we do n't wan na lose it	9	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	want get up	no it 's time to go to bed	3	8	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	want pour it	no Nomi this is too heavy	3	6	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I want the tape+recorder	no not right now	4	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	27	Target_Child	Father	do you want some bread	no thank you Nomi	5	4	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't like that gum on	no I do n't like it either	7	7	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	you want one	no thank you Nomi I do n't care for another one	3	11	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	you want one	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		'd	would	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'd like to see you draw more	no I do n't wan na	8	6	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	like		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I like to see you draw so much	no you	8	2	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	he	he	40	Target_Child	Father	no he wants to drink	no I tried Nomi he puts the bottle away again	5	10	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		do	do	you	you	41	Target_Child	Mother	do you want this thing	no I do n't need the blanket honey	5	8	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
emotion	rejection	want	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na tell me anything	no you do it by yourself	8	6	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
emotion	rejection	want		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I want some to	no they 're squishing your nose honey	4	7	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
