Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	do you think he coming	no it 's gone	5	4	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	she	she	24	Father	Target_Child	she did n't know you were going to put the car in the water though	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	oh I thought it was a fence	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	I think you got em	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	I thought it was Daddy 's money	no no it 's myo Mommy	7	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's lettuce and tomatoes	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	remember it 's the one with the bacon on it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you know how to do that	no I 'll hold it	6	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I thought this was the mother	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you think everybody 's cooled off enough	no we need a fan more	7	6	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	do you think we oughta do it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	it was in the yellow cup I thought	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	she 's outside I think	no she 's wight here	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Father	Father	you think he 's being good now	no	7	1	question	question	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I thought he got up for dinner	no he did n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	ah I think you did	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's a tomato head	no it 's a airpwane	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's ah potata head	no it 's a airpwane	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Father	I thought the brakes were the things on the floor that you stopped the car with	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I thought we already did Mommy 's	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know the words	no I do n't know it	6	6	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	maybe I 'll haf ta wait a long time do you think so	no	13	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Father	Target_Child	but I think that 's a Gobot	no it 's a motorcycle	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Father	Target_Child	I think its a Gobot that looks like a motorcycle	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	I think we should call Nana	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I looked at that this morning and I thought it was fish	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I think I landed on top of a steep hill	no you did n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Father	Target_Child	do you know what bald is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Target_Child	Father	you know what	no	3	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Target_Child	Father	you know what	no	3	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Father	Father	I think we 've got three more wheels	no you gotta unscrew it	8	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Father	Father	think we can get it now	no no no you go this way	6	7	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Investigator	Target_Child	I think yes	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	Peter I do n't think that 's a good idea I do n't think that 's a good idea okay no no no want ta put it back	no	28	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	oh okay I thought you wanted to put it away	no take them all out	10	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	oh I thought that one was the spare tire now I 'm confused	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think you should put them in there Pete	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	I know it has tires on it but I 'd like to look at it	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	27	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's my coat is n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought it was the book	no it 's not the paper	6	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	put it back I do n't know what that 's doing there	no put it back	12	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'll put them back on the car	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I think Lois is gon ta take this home with her	no I 'm put it here	11	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you were lining up the barrels	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no put toys in the bag	5	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that 's enough I think so turn it off	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll get off	no I want	6	3	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	we	we	29	Investigator	Target_Child	well we think it is	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it is Pete	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I need those keys those keys to open the door	no it 's not no it 's not	12	8	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Lynn would like to play with the toys	no	11	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no you play with the toys	5	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	you think Lynn would like to read the book to you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know let 's see	no it 's mine	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think do you think this goes in the kitchen	no a that	11	3	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think we should help them	no you get another paper and this is my paper okay	8	11	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah I think you better go in the living room okay stand still and then I 'll help you okay	no you ca n't help me	20	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were gon ta put your sneakers on	no I ca n't put my sneakers	10	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah I think so is it coming out	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's a crown	no do n't wear it on your head	6	8	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	did you think she was going to mail a letter	no	10	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know	no no I 'm gon ta put em in here five minutes	4	12	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are you um thinking that you need ta go to the bath+room	no	12	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I 'm too big	no you 're not too big	7	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		haf	have	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you just haf ta pretend when they drink	no pretend I want milk in here	10	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I think they 're both for you	no they 're both for you	7	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think it 's time	no not yet	7	3	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	Pete you think it 's gon ta rain today	no is not raining	9	4	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	am	be	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you keep telling me that but I do n't think I am	no you bad boy	12	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	think so	no you do n't got any more	2	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it belongs to you	no I 'm gon ta	6	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought she was playing with it	no no I ca n't stand this one up yet	7	10	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you meant the little horse	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I think so	no no it 's yours	3	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what the signs are	no I ca n't read it	6	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	the big car I thought you were gon ta write	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think he 's gon ta fall	no it is gon ta fall	9	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know	no no I 'm doing it	4	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think Jenny can have one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think it belongs there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	um um know who 's up there foremans	no they 're down there	8	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	oh you do n't remember	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's just a tower	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		were	be	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you were looking for the tools were n't you	no no no I 'm looking for my little airplane	11	10	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'll take her home with me	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's Lucy 's daddy	no it 's not my daddy	9	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	21	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think maybe he 'd like to look into the window	no	12	1	question	declarative	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's a truck	no	6	1	declarative	question	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah do you think that 's Mwww	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	do you think it goes there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think Jwww 's doing	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where Charlie is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Brother	Target_Child	think Fraser going to bed	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	nope I do n't know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	why do you think he 's crying	no I think he 's laughing	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no my bag	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're being naughty	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	think so	no I do n't think so	2	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were tidying up	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you think Mummy 's sad	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	think so	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think any others do it	no they do n't do it	8	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's having a shower	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Brother	Target_Child	Fraser do you think I 've got it	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's in Mummy 's bedroom	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know do we	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're being silly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're a parrot	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	hm I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think do you think that 's a bit of the spider	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	no you do n't think that 's a spider	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think you do	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 'll have sausages	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Father	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no I do n't know	2	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it was a bee	no	8	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's crying	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you 're making	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no neither do I	2	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you can do this one	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was mine	no it 's mine	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's my hair	no my hair	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think my hair is like worms	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're a monster	no I monster	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who got you that	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that looks right	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they are doing	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	Fraser do you think this goes here	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think this one might go here	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that goes up there somewhere	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what number that is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's Daddy	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he wants to go to bed	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know where the pieces are now do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		is	be	it	it	27	Target_Child	Mother	I know it is n't	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's dressed as a fisherman	no	8	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Maisie 'll find anything	no	7	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's Daddy	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	not know	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	who	who	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	who know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the cow wants to go on the train	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a squirrel	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it might go round here	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no I do n't know either	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you know you 're a monkey	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it looks messy	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	et know	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I know what	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	should I see if this I do n't know whether this book has got the trains	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it does	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it 's a horse	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's jelly and ice+cream	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's jelly and ice+cream	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's a mole	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't know where the birthday one 's gone	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you not know where the book goes darling	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	ugh I think that 's a firework stick	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	he	he	30	Mother	Mother	if you ask Jwww he knows a song about robins	no he does n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that looks right do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Father	think it 's that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I think er	no	3	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you not know why	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where they are	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think do you think you 'll go to Tesco 's	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are the pest Mr	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	do you know my cousin	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you left it in here	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that looks right	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it does	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I think it goes the other way	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't even know where they came from	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think think he can drive a car	no I 'm under the table	9	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Mother	do n't think he works	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Mother	do you remember you draw lots of eyes	no	8	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that fits does it	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it goes there do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no it 's not	2	4	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's not open	no I do n't wan na see it	6	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	do you think it 's melting the snow	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 're gon ta go and play in the snow	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 've gone outside	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	what do you think they 've made	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think we want a purple iron	no	8	1	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you think it 's that one	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	I think it is	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I know where that one came from	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what Nick and James' Mummy 's called	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you 're called	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	so do you remember seeing the baby	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was too hard for you this one	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	know what song it 's singing	no no	6	2	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was your bed	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know which ones you mean	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	not remember	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those are down there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Investigator	Mother	I thought you were gon ta show me where Maisy 's a pirate	no	13	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I think he 's drinking milk	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you not remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	but Mummy did n't know did she	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you want Fraser	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	how do n't know to get it	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he 's sleeping	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know where all your Postman Pat p pieces have gone do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	or do you think they live in the stable with the horsie	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know what her name is either do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	well we do n't know where those pieces are do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't know where it is	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	we just do n't know where they are do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it does do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	and that I think goes there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	and this one I think you 'll find	no	8	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how to talk	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you do n't know how to talk	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think he did	no he did n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should have an early night tonight should n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're funny	no I think you 're funny	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you not know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where the other ones are	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know where these ones are	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	bet you do n't know what letters they are though do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	not you not know what their names are	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where the star is	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	but you do n't know where number four is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know where number four is do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're tired	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you not know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	and you do n't know what animals you see	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where the star is	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't know where number four is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know where number four is do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're tired	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know not what it is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you gave the spider a kiss because you thought he was nice before	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you remember it	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	33	Mother	Mother	I think it 's part of a wheel is n't it	no that 's wrong	11	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were doing the other one	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that one 's a velociraptor	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he has a botbot	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	what do you think it is	no it 's not a polar+bear	6	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know a lot do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where the train is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think he was called Mike	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd be scared of him	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	did	do	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	did he not know that the sun was there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know what his name	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you said	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	bet you do n't know what they 're all called do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's you do n't know what it 's called	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	um what do you think	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	if you know who it is	no do n't do that	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to put some socks on	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she does	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I ca n't remember what it 's called now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't know does it	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't know what they 're called	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it says here as well	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's gon ta be warm	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	think that 's why he 's not at work	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what letter this is do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you not you do n't know what letter that is	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I can make one as big as Fraser	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what number that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think I should do then	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we should cut it off	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think I should do	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	think I should give it a kiss	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I thought you were finished with the crayons	no	8	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think you got cross	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't know yet	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know what the sound is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're mad	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Mother	do you think they	no	4	1	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who they are	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	and I think that box is a tank	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember what the story is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he ca n't see very well	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	they do n't know where Kipper 's teddy+bear is either do they	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's a triangle	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think she 's gon ta be able to drink it	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	he 's gon ta sit down now do you think	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's in London	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	so I think you did play with it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	and I think that piece is the piece that	no	9	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you can do the rest by yourself	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think there 's a bit of in that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's yours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know do we	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know anybody that lives down that road do we	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you 're talking about I 'm afraid	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you think he 's crying now	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	think these ones are same	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think this one the same	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think it 's butterfly	no it 's	5	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's me	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	think Fraser pull a funny face	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	and do you think the girls are unwell	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you had to go to the doctors if you 're poorly	no he	13	2	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think that goes there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's working do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think that the slugs will get them	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	and you did n't know where I was did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think so	no it 's finish now	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know are	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know what their names are though do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's sad when you have n't got your Mummy	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no let me do it	2	5	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not think I 'll be too big	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	right I think that 's an eel	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think the little fish does n't stick on that that big	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	no I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know do you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think we need	no no I do n't think	4	6	trail	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	no I think that 's it Fraser	no we definitely do n't need any more Fraser	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know do you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you know is Jwww dressed yet	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think you do	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no I do n't know either	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think these are my books	no those are not my book	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's a triangle	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he meant	no do n't touch that Fraser	6	6	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know those little orange things you like	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think she 's in the cupboard	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember how to do this jigsaw+puzzle Fraser	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think that 's a neesaw	no that 's not a neesaws	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's that one int it	no that 's the one	8	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Father	oh I think it goes like that	no that 's not it is it	7	7	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Father	I think that does n't go there	no that 's not right	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	I think can do it out	no it does n't go there does it	6	8	trail	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know everybody that lives round here do we Fraser	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's gon ta fall off	no he 's not	9	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not think he 's gon ta be so dizzy he might fall off	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you not remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think that goes up there	no it 's not right either is it	6	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were gon ta be a big boy	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Gwww was looking after you because he got that friend for you did n't he	no	17	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Relative	Target_Child	do you think you can get him without the egg getting you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know that song	no there 's lots there 's there 's three martians	5	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	Fraser do you know what sort of dinosaur that one is	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't know what color flowers do we	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought this was the brother one	no it 's the sister	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think there 's some some butterflies today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't know where daddy long legs is	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you do n't know what the tag is	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that 's right do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		can	can	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	can we know where my felt g my felt game is	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a snake	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think I think that one ca n't fly	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think I should	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you know where the dinosaur pages are	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	he does n't know how to do things like that	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	36	Mother	Mother	he thought the cow he was bringing was sure to win a prize in one of the contests	no you haf ta press the cow	18	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was you	no it was Jwww	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah do you not remember	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he 's read that jungle book before	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I knew you were gon ta say that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I thought we were reading Jungle book	no I just	7	3	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should put it away	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't know where he is either Lwww	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think you can do that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't know it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember where	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's too small for you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	Mowgli	Mowgli	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah because Mowgli did n't really know what to do did he	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said Boo was the green one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	well so I think it 's you that 's doing it	no it 's the frog	11	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not remember her name	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	think is she a girl	no that 's Mr Messy	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were gon ta read them	no I wan na	8	4	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's flying to Manchester and it does n't know where Manchester is	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little bit that you 're spos ta go in the middle there but I do n't know where that is	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that 's you is n't it	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	right I think I 'll go back to Pwww 's party	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	but do you know what they 're called	no I do n't know what they 're called	8	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Father	but I do n't we do n't we do n't know where those ones are do we	no	17	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you think it 's that one	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	36	Father	Father	I think it 's	no it 's not that one	4	6	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Father	think that one goes there	no we 're not doing that	5	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	oh I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Father	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	think he 's called Bob	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Father	do you know what that one is	no it 's got spots has n't it	7	8	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know their names	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know Grandad on holiday	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no I do n't know where pink is	4	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you not remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	can you remember what they were about	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	would	would	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'd do much work would we	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think the water 's black is it	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you know what it 's called	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	it	it	36	Father	Target_Child	think that goes up there does n't it like that	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	no we do n't know where they are do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't know green and pink is are they	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know where it is do we	no do n't know where the other one is	9	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you do n't know how	no come on because you 're gon ta make it worse	5	11	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should hang those on the wall do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I know I I will get more	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you do n't think it 's gon ta work	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's dark outside	no it 's not dark now	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	so we do n't know what happens do we	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think this one pops up	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think tea 's ready	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think this one 's Fraser 's house	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	nobody	nobody	36	Mother	Target_Child	did nobody know that you were crying then	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're a naughty boy	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's the roller+coaster	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know where the other one is do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't know where the other one is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I thought you had at least one puzzle where there was n't a piece missing	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know where that one is do we	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's Jwww	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who he is do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know who she is	no I do n't know who she is either	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you think that 's Jwww	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know who that is	no we do n't know who that is do we	7	10	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	no we do n't know who that is do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	do n't we do n't know who that one is do we	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think this needs new batteries does n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know what that one is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how to be scared	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you ate	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Father	do n't know what in the presents	no	7	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who give you that dress	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Winnie the Pooh um is Winnie pooh stuck	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I I think Bob would like a cup of coffee or a cup of tea	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Investigator	Target_Child	I think do you think mine looks a bit like a fish	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that we should use a screw in here	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should read the number book now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Pilchard wants to know the capital of England	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you Aww did you can you tell Pilchard Pichard wants to know the capital of India	no not wan na	17	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a bit cloudy shall we put a cloud clouds on there	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I could blow it down	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think it might be Awww	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	I think I 'll go and do stuff there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you know what Mama would like a latte please	no again	9	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta you know when Awww comes you must share your toys Awww okay	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember the capital of Spain darling	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think Tinkey winkey would like some readybrek	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	you	you	25	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what glue is does that go there	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Investigator	Mother	do you think she 's excited because her mum 's coming	no she 's been like it the whole week I think she 's just some mothers have said their children grow out of it when they hit two	11	28	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think this is	no they 're mine	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I know where he is she said and she looked underneath the bed	no what 's that	13	4	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I know are these ears	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked Ewww	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	thought Ewww was your friend	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I know a Tigger song	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what day it is tomorrow Saturday what do you do on Saturdays	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're writing something	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you know what	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Eleanor	Eleanor	26	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor knows	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I thought you were	no	4	1	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think that one might go in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I think	no I do n't think that one goes in there	2	10	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	think that might go in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it 's to tickle Eleanor	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's a little crab	no it 's big crab	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	oh I think that might go in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you know what	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I remember duck was the first word she learnt	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	girls	girl	28	Mother	Target_Child	because big girls remember m big girls do n't put nappies on for bed	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think you can put this one on	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time to tidy up is n't it	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	do you know who went did n't you last time	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you know your	no	3	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's raining	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know where you cup is	no no no	8	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you know that song about the diamond	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know you haf ta leave the cinema to	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's fallen down	no this is	6	3	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you know	no that 's a girl	2	5	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do know your	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having your milk	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know what this is for	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	baby	baby	30	Investigator	Target_Child	Eleanor why do n't you see if baby knows how to count	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know you know what	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you did	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know you know the Play Doh	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember what page	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know if you do n't	no no	6	2	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	I thought you liked cake	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think she realizes	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that might go in there where the sun is because look there 's bits of the sun	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that belongs to Snow White	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	because you know what 's gon ta be there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think that 's right	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	is it from the park do you think	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	know where it is darling	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a fish	no that 's a tortoise is n't it	6	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a spider	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think is he a doctor	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I know you do n't wan na but do you do you make a mess at school	no	17	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we haf ta take him to the doctor	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we should try	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's um Tigger	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you know how to hold the scissors darling	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I thought that was your dog	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know what to use these shapes	no I do n't want	9	5	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think you can can you not put those on top of that	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	that do you think that might go in there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it does	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's going to be spring	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that will be spring	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think that fits in there does it	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I thought I was	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those are for	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think he might haf ta go to the doctor 's or the hospital	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's Dada 's darling	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	can you not remember her name	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think she Eleanor ca n't	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you drink coffee	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll invite Jwww	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	what are you thinking about	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	does	do	Olivia	Olivia	33	Mother	Target_Child	does Olivia not know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	does Mrs Cwww say I ca n't remember	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	let this know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	going to try and fix you know the cupboard under the stairs	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I think there might be some sandwiches or some biscuits in there I think	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I thought that was	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I think	no you do n't need ta lick it	2	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you said he was called Gnasher	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	because I think that as a surprise for your Mama let 's make the room very tidy	no it 's a it 's for lamb	17	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should sing him a song	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think your dog wants some	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know Eleanor you 're not spos ta wake come out of your room	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time to change your clothes now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor you know what you you 're spos ta use that paper darling	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that you were number thirty	no I was this one	7	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I think it was quite a nice monster	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I think we should do some writing	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you know what next to that is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you know what letter that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what day it is today	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I thought I thought the ladybird was living in that one	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Father	do you know what 's coming	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you know where he is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	because you do n't know how to do it do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll do the seasons	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	do you think that fits in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this might fit	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you know what you know what you 're going to do today	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should be giving Auntie_Awww 's baby a present	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	but I thought you wanted to do a jigsaw	no I wan na stamps	9	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was your stomach going rumble rumble rumble	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I thought you were having those other ones	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	can you remember that song	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Father	do you know where Mama put them	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you remember what Mama said	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think Sammy 's gone to school	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that he can see the telly	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think hippos drink coffee	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 've been practising	no get it	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know any games for us to play	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Gwww might like a bird	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you know I by myself	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know going to say	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a rectangle	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should once	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it is a Rug rat	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	you watch too much television I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think she 's fixed the toilet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think we should use a stronger one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you think that could go in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I know what to have	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll do Cinderella next	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	he does n't know how to do it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think I know who it is now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not know how to take them off	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	that one I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said you were putting some for me together	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	think this goes there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	can you remember where you put it	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think I made cheese sandwiches	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I thought you liked dips	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know what that 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you think we should check his	no	7	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Father	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I think that	no no no no no no	3	6	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you sink	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you know how to fold clothes	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	so do you know what day it is today	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	do you think you can	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you think that could go there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you think that	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	oh I think that might go in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it does	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'll find you 'll be very dizzy soon	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'm going to get the lock for the door today	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	she	she	36	Mother	Father	she knows her capital letters and her small letters	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember I 'm just going to the toilet okay	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should call him an upside down dog	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	dog wants to know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Hannah can go on the train	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they sell that at the shop	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think that goes in that shop do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Hannah 's hungry	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	what do you think and then she would n't be scared of the clown would she	no	16	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a blackbird	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know where he is	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	how do you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I think you 've got it on back to front darling	no that 's not right	11	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think Miss Awww was	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where it 's gone do I	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think a hexagon 's got ten	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having a tea+party	no I not	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll give them to Jwww	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll give them to Gwww	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember you said you were going to be a good girl and you 're not going to say no to Mama	no	23	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where your brush has gone	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'd better take her to hospital	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's Daddy shutting the door	no it was n't Dada	8	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the glue is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know what sort of bird it is	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what 's in your hair	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know what 'd happen	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were doing your winter jigsaw	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that car 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think six comes after two	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think seven comes after three	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think ten comes after five	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know your opposites	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they 're called	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Bob 's in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	oh you know who likes cake	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	what color do you think your heart is going to be	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can you remember what other ones there are	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know these letters	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know them do you	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the chicken can sting me	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	it 's your do you know what type of bird it is	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'm going to take these back to the man	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember any of their names	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Eleanor	Eleanor	36	Mother	Father	Eleanor knows the months of the year	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know what to do	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	actually just wait till he comes down because I think he 's on the toilet	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	how do you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I thought there was more than that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look because you know what 's going to happen today	no	14	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should go back to your nursery	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	watch you do it on the line because I do n't know how to do it	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	because I think	no	3	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're going to hurt yourself now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	oh I think	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	because you know l little children like you haf ta work or play	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	we know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what we do in the morning when you wake up	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you you know when Dada comes home you 'll be in trouble	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	then you know what it is	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I think that is that right	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know what we 're going to do now	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've been writing on it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor do you know where your black board rubber is	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		are	be	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember what you 're not allowed to wear nail varnish are you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember you do big jumps then you do n't hurt yourself do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to watch and sit up here	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think they 're blue darling	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you think it 's ready today	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know how to stick them	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think Thomas knows where it has gone	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think Thomas might know where the giraffe is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	but I think Thomas knows where the giraffe is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think they 're grapes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you jump down	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you get down	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	24	Mother	Mother	I think that useta squeak but perhaps it did n't	no I do n't think so	10	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'm a bit big Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were about to help Mummy do this	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think the would like some chocolate	no no no no no	9	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I just thought it perhaps would be nice	no no no no no	8	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I saw some milk	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think Daddy will be quite pleased Thomas because he asked the man to come and do that	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the car is passing now is it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	Thomas	Thomas	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that 's a hairbrush is it Thomas	no it 's a brush	11	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think all the teddy+bears have enough to eat and drink	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've put it back in the box	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think that lid belongs on this tin	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll get you out from behind there because Daddy 's computer 's stored under the stairs and he wo n't be very pleased if you start unplugging the wires will he	no	34	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I I think they would	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're too small for eh too big for it now	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any toy fish have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		were	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you were looking at them while I was on the telephone were n't you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and do you remember the lady riding past on her bike	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you do	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I know the f the chair fell over Mummy stood up	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I think we say no no	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having a lie down	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think we need ta change your nappie do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's start reading some books then we can maybe start thinking about bedtime	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	she	she	25	Mother	Target_Child	and I think Purdie wants to be your friend because she does n't run away when you come down does she	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	now you see I do n't think you found that very exciting did you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've quite finished with it yet have we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I hope you know what you 're talking about because I have n't a clue	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the sun 's going to come out Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Tiddles is going to run away in a moment	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you would quite like a sandwich with a piece of cheese	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the lid will close with the plate in it as well will it	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time we had a wash now do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've probably wiped your sticky hands on the cat	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think she was going to go outside but she has just noticed it 's raining	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	would	would	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I 'd wan na go outside and play in the garden if it was raining would you	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think the Jaffa_Cake 's under this vest	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you need the wipes today do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the red box eh the green box has a lid does it	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think it 's time to get up really do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're too busy doing things to count today are n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember rolling on the grass	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time you had your nappie changed	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're cleaner and fresher than before we changed you	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	thought that might be Daddy coming home but it was n't was it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you can have some plain water actually	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember going to see Ruth at the weekend	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we 'd picked it up	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		must	must	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I must remember to tell Grandma today that you got some new nappies	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where the yellow ball is	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you know where it is do n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	yes I think you were probably chasing Purdie and you decided to put your train behind the sofa	no no	18	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 'll be cheese sandwiches	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I think he got out of his cab because it was lunch+time did n't he	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think might well go to sleep before	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember singing all those songs	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't think we 've looked at the have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it will pop again Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 're that messy really Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it has all gone	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		would	would	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	if I had n't said anything you would n't even know you 're wearing it	no no	15	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you looked like you were building something with the bricks	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think that looks quite nice do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Po wants a ride in your truck	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't think there 's one in Po 's tummy now	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you took the one out of Po 's tummy yesterday	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	and then once the cards have come down I think we 're going to haf ta do some dusting wo n't we	no	22	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there 's anybody there Thomas	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	I think you 've just got overtired have n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	she 's going to go upstairs I think	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember story time this morning	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think they gave you quite a lot of money actually	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think she 's pretty	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember folding up all the clothes to go inside last night	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this orange bread	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll dress you into shorts and t+shirt this morning Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think when we 've had our drink and our biscuits you need changing	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it was	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I think you have have n't you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's a little bit frightened with all the splashing Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time to come out	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember playing with buckets and spades	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas do you think the Teletubbies should have thrown things at one another	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's time we put some clothes on Thomas	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	i	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think I better feed Purdie had n't I	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you knew you 'd done wrong did n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember playing in the sandpit with Isabel and Bethany	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		've	have	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	and I 've just remembered that I 'd hidden them in the fridge so you would n't find them	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think you only want the train because you wan na load the apple into the back of the train do n't you	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	remember the giraffe	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	Bethany	Bethany	26	Mother	Target_Child	and Isabel accepted the daisy but Bethany did n't quite know what to do with the buttercup	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	would the driver like a drink of juice do you think	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 've had a few Cornflakes but that 's not going to last you today is it	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I need your help for this do I	no no no	12	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you 're screaming because you thought we were doing Row Row Row the Boat which is completely different	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	well I think on that cheery note we better go	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mummy oughta shake the tablecloth outside or we oughta wipe it because we 've got some crumbs have n't we	no no	22	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	so where do we think the blue football is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	aah I know why	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	but I think I 'll move that chair I think I 'll move that chair	no Nin Nin	15	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	and do you remember that beautiful rainbow	no no no no no	7	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't remember what day we said	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're usually a good boy for them are n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember walking over that bridge	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	and now I think you 're tired	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I know that yesterday when Grandma and Grandad were babysitting you you went to the fish and chip shop	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	think you 're too busy eating to talk are n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it would be very nice to eat it do you when it has been on the floor	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember skipping	no no no	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	26	Mother	Mother	but I do n't think they stack on top of one another do they	no they wo n't stack on bricks either	14	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	Mummy	Mummy	26	Mother	Mother	Mummy does n't know you tell me what it is	no leave Purdie 's food where it is please	10	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the little lamb is for the tractor	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where they are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	they all belong to the same set but I think it 's really only the police car and the fire+engine that hook together because they 've got hooks on the back have n't they	no	34	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	oh I think you 've put too much in	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's up here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	it is quite a warm day but I do n't think it 's hot enough to walk round in just Wellingtons and a hat do you	no	26	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where the rest of the train is though Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	do you think Grandma and Granddad will like these biscuits	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the man is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's in teddy 's sock	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	or you know or touch the flowers	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember the baby who would n't go to bed	no no	11	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when you went on your little toddle round the car park do you remember walking round the car park	no	22	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the second injury you 've had ta your knee because I ca n't remember what day it was last week you fell in the park did n't you	no	30	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we really need ta buy chocolate do we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you 've ever noticed that before have you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't know	no throwing Thomas please	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you were enjoying that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you think because we 're in a rush we 're going to see Jo	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	and we did n't know what was going on did we	no no	11	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	we	we	27	Mother	Mother	we did n't know what was going on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	nobody seems to know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	sing Baa baa black sheep again because I think you did very well	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	well I think if you open the red doors and peer inside you will see somebody there	no there	17	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the dustbin man has been yet Thomas has he	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll be going out to the ice cream man	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	what suddenly made you think you could see a rainbow	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	and you came into Mummy and Daddy 's bed and I thought you were going to go to sleep but you did n't	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've already had a little bite out of one of the apples I bought this morning	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you ca n't remember that far back	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 'll be able to wear those again will you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you mind the peel on the nectarine but you do n't really like the feel of peach skin on your tongue tongue tongue	no	27	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	did you think I 've cut myself	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we had better wash your hands before we have lunch	no Nin Nin	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you 're telling me storys	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't know how you got the spot	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think that piece goes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you are	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we do do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you do n't know whether to laugh or cry do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't think you need ta get the liquid on your hands do you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	has	have	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he has gone in the sand pit has he	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas I do n't know what has happened to the box	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Daddy wants that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 'll be seeing any fish	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you liked apple	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Purdie minds the trees	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it really goes do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll give you a smack Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where she is do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've pinched any though have you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	oh I think that 's the fireman Thomas that you 've put inside the mixing machine	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we 'll read them all now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you wan na read about snow on an August afternoon do we	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think you put the key in the hole on the other side Thomas	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll let you off because you do n't know what you 're saying	no agree	14	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've got anything to post in the letterbox today have we	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	and do you think it 's time for you to sleep	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the pilot would like some crisps	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'd better wash our hands do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I think they try and scare the cat as well	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she does does she	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it is is it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think you 'll look inside Purdie 's mouth	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's fish tonight	no it 's rabbit in this tin	8	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll put that back in the fridge because I do n't think you want any more coleslaw	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'll	will	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	if I say please you 'll think I want it	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you 're saying b because you 're thinking of letters of the alphabet	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Doctor Harrison would wan na be bothered with a tiny scratch on Mummy 's arm do you	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll be going to John Lewis today	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	did you think it was a helicopter	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh you thought it was an ambulance	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you think it was a police car	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're still eating pasta but if I peel it now and you wan na eat it	no	19	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's Jo	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you knew that you wanted the bears and you did n't want the clowns	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	oh I know what you 're talking about	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's Tuesday and you know there wo n't be anybody else there	no	14	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the moon will shine in the cupboard do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	we really do n't know do we	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	because I think this morning on Postman Pat did it not say that Pat was busy waving to his customers	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she has milk on it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember going in Jo 's car	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	because we do n't want Daddy to know that you 've been using his boots do we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you can really see it can you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think you 're a little bit heavy to sit on top of Dipsy	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I ca n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're pressing down on it too much Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think my sofa cushions probably smell a lot nicer than bin bags Thomas	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've seen Pippin actually for a few days have you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she has caught a bird	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I think you are are n't you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 're wet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the little man in the station might like some ice cream	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	so I think we need ta put it somewhere safe do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've heard the toaster go pop recently have we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you threw it down did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I did n't realize that 's what you were saying but I think you said no fit	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	oh are you thinking back to the christening on Sunday	no the baby did n't bump it 's head Thomas	10	10	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's really stuck is it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know whether it 's going to be warm enough to do that this time	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she has been to London to visit the queen	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought she wanted to go out	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've ever had potatoes and sandwiches	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what the weather 's going to do today Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's going to be very sunny	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's going to Spain	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think she 's hungry	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	so please Thomas will you just think on and not upset Purdie	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh you think Postman Pat lives at Allen Hall	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you think it 's the wind	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think you need changing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	so that tomorrow when we 're in an almighty rush we know we 've got the card written	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		wo	will	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise the dentist will know wo n't he	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	were	be	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	which I do n't think you were really quite into postman this time last year were you	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you need your nappie changing	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you not think you do	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	we know a different marching song now do n't we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we really wan na film this do we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't think you realized it was Jonathans birthday cake did you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll leave her out a little bit longer because it might rain this afternoon and at least now the sun 's out	no	25	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you went to John Lewis did you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there are any more at home	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't remember what Lala was holding can you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were going to tell me about that nice shower you just had	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think somebody in the car would have a poorly knee	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	Grandad goes in the pool with you but I do n't think he wanted to go in when it was just him did he	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're going to be able to get them back	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think he does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think he does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you think little Jess Postman_Pat 's cat would fit in the racing car	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Mother	I thought you had had your bath	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 's better now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he 'll come back until next Monday do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 'll be crying either do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we oughta tidy up do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	well I think we need ta pull your trousers up Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think Postman_Pat 's going to be thirsty now	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have some lunch	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the horse is perhaps a police horse and the police man 's going to ride it through the streets of Manchester	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we better put that one in the pan do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	and then we 've got to think of	no	8	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think police cars tend to bite Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you had better hurry up because Mummy has got to go has n't she	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	if you 're going to start banging I do n't wan na know	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she might need them	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		had	have	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mummy had better have that do n't you	no no no	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no no	3	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're sitting on them are n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that song	no a le	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll have a big bite out of that Thomas	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he really needs a nose does he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think Thomas did it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he was worried	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you will be going into Stockport today or John Lewis	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	but not today you do n't think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we oughta put these away again now do n't you	no no no	12	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Dimitra might like one of these pictures	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you think it has all gone in the binbag lorry	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	Julian	Julian	30	Mother	Target_Child	and Julian did n't know the words	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're nice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	well I think that 's gorgeous do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think he has had a nice day	no no kiss	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the cars will keep her warm	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Sue would wear Daddy 's hat	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should put a lot of those back in the bag	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think it 's going to be very big	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it is	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	what other letters do we know	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've got a tall unicorn have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	well do you think Fred has had a busy day at work	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think he probably has	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	a	a	30	Target_Child	Mother	a do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it might be	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	well I think she 'd like it Thomas	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think she 'd like that for her birthday	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think she 'll like it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've got a bit of an upset tummy because you 've not really wanted to eat have you	no no no	21	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're eating too much fruit	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think you need a day away from Mummy	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd like some Cornflakes for breakfast	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think our postman delivers letters to the Teletubbies	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we should do that do you	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't think you should eat anymore today	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've got a big tummy	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have Thomas	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you had show Dimitra what you got	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it is	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's Linda and Brian doing some vacuuming	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 'll have brought lots of boxes for him	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think I 'm right	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a cloud	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were going to share things	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were going to share	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it probably can	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to help putting it back in the box	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time for a little break Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd be very very upset to think you had n't finished them would n't you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	you might say no now but I think you 'll find you would	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	think they 're going in for their tea	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it will fit you	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you do really do n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think I smell sweeter then you smell sometimes	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've got anymore coat hangers have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it was Brian	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it 's shopping in the bag	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it is	no no bag	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Mummy 's a lot of fun	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Dimitra 's a lot of fun	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Daddy 's a lot of fun	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we did some grated carrot for a salad as well did n't we	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're ready for a sleep are n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're a messpot are n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	i	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think I	no a Rice Krispie on	3	5	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	now do you think the train on it 's own will go through the tunnel	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Bob The Builder cuts the grass	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Bob The Builder cuts the grass	no no lawn mower	9	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were sitting in a	no no no	7	3	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the milkman brings eggs as well as milk when he comes	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think he does	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's collecting leaves	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think we better have	no	5	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think he might appreciate the door being opened for him	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	would	would	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think he would	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's getting near teatime	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said Fred one because it was coming from	no	11	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I know that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to look at the toys in	no thank you please	10	4	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Bob 's on the picture is he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you think she 'd like a cake	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	31	Mother	Mother	it 's a little bit cold anyway I think to be thinking about ice cream is n't it	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	and you did n't know anything about it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think the lamb sits there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's hiding the cupboard	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 'll go through that slot	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought they were train tracks	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	now do you think the dumper truck wants to empty it into the big	no	14	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	ugh we do n't know what 's in there do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know how	no no	3	2	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know how to put lids on things	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that they both loved one other very much	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Purdie loves Mummy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	will	will	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	because otherwise when Dimitra comes to pick her tapes up we wo n't know where they are will we	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'll be cross	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're going to put this jumper on today	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was time we had lunch now do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought a minute ago you decided Smartie	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know the name of our new postman do we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time now that Postman Pat came had a change and had something to eat and drink do n't you	no no thank you	23	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think Sue must be on holiday this week because she does n't seem to be going to work does she	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he would enjoy that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	everybody	everybody	31	Mother	Target_Child	what about everybody knows his bright red van	no no Postman Pat	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I would have thought there would be things like oranges in Sam 's mobile shop	no have a	15	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think this is	no no no	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	teddy 's in the boat but do you think Po might like a ride in the boat	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the chicken would like to get into the boat	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	and then thinking about lunch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you mean yes yes yes	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	thinking about birthday partys	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 're really worrying are they	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think somebody called Thomas Henry Lastname	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	and we 're soon going to haf ta start thinking about writing some Christmas cards Thomas	no no	16	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are wet you know	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you will	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	well I was thinking Po might like to wear it might n't she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I thought you were telling me when this came down	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we went to Jo 's house	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	do you think one of these is number seven	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that could be Jake 's house	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where they are	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 've got very excited because they can see the postman coming	no a	15	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'll	will	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 'll go to the sweet shop at number seventeen and you 'll think oh	no open it	15	3	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Auntie Mabel lives in one of these houses	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think that might be Daddy	no not Daddy a Lisa	6	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you need ta turn it round do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you remember the story of Goldilocks And The Three Bears do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think that would make a great postbox	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's really park weather sweetheart do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think that orange is a little bit too large to fit in the small green carriage	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've ever eaten lime have you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you touched the shaky eggs on Friday did you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	but I think two at one meal is really enough do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's one of the nicest apples I 've tasted	no no	12	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	at the petshop do you think we could buy some food for Purdie	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't think she can really manage to lick your stamps	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she does	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you need ta pay her for the drinks	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Jess can sit on a table Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's because she has eaten an awful lot of stamps	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think I shall pour my cup of tea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was em a Cornflake box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	and I do n't think Isabelle liked sharing it with other people did she	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think we do	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's dinner time	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas you have been terribly upset this week and I do n't know what is the matter with you	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember doing some green handprints on those calendars	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think the pasta 's nearly ready Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time for tea now Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'll like those	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that could mean Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think she 's gorgeous	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Dimitra and Po would perhaps like a drink	no no no	11	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that 's Bertie The Bus no	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's going to work	no no no	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think he has gone in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think he might be in this	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think he might be	no	5	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember doing that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	a cake I think	no if we ca n't give her cake yet Thomas	4	10	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think the bus is in that box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think he was only two Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there are some letters for Purdie because it 's her birthday	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you might haf ta go upstairs though darling	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	it	it	32	Mother	Mother	I was going on and on about the sunshine and it must have thought oh I think I 'll go back inside then they ca n't see me	no	28	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have a little break because it 's very very noisy when you 're playing with your train and digger on the window Ledge is n't it	no	30	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Is 's going to eat it though is she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		might	might	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you might	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	Grandad	Grandad	32	Mother	Target_Child	does Grandad know about it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what you do with mistletoe	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh oh Thomas do you think she has	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the ginger pussy cat might eat that Purdie has n't eaten	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he 's fed very well	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you did	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll be getting our Christmas tree today do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'll have a nice day with Grandma and Grandad do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I can Thomas because they 're too small for me	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 'd like to see them	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think that 's a nice photograph of you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we need ta put	no	8	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you oughta eat too many Thomas	no no no	10	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	just thinking of something to put on your throat	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll be hungry by teatime	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should get down	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think I wan na go out in the car this afternoon wearing a paper chain Thomas	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think you can climb up the fireman 's ladders	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	he knew it was a Teletubby but he did n't know it 's name did he	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you hurt it on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you can see it sitting there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you not know it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have a little break in a moment and have some breakfast I think	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	ah I bet you do n't know what that is do you	no no	12	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think he 's up already	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember what you were playing	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	do you think that would be good	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you know the words	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	no which one do you think	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise we 're not going to know how to to make things are we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was Grandma and Granddad was n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh and I thought you wanted a cuddle with your Mummy	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I know you like chocolate	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember going to York	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you do really	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the new calendar 's blue	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's really going to make a little bridge do you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who this is from Thomas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that what you 're thinking of	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't think it looked all that nice to start with	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it might just be an aeroplane outside	no es the door	10	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it 's flying somewhere hot	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember when we got up	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it will fit will it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're coming for a cuddle	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we need ta press this this yellow one do we	no no	13	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to listen to yourself	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think I need ta put my dressing gown back on do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	oh I thought that was some paper Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think you put it on my head Thomas	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	and we had ta move the fire guard because we did n't think Father Christmas would get through did we	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think we had better turn that off now Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she 's hiding from you though is she	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	Granddad 's not going to be very pleased if he thinks you 've not eaten anything	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've hidden it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think you 'd like it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 've woken myself up because I did n't think you were going to	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what to give you	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know anymore	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know the words properly do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't think you did say sorry did you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he has stopped off for a cup of tea somewhere	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I think I want eat them	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	because I think you 'd enjoy it darling	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who you are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	and I do n't think Daddy has Coca Cola for breakfast	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it would	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's that heavy is it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Mother	do you know how to tie them	no you do n't know do you do you	7	9	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		'm	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're a fireman but I 'm to have a little look at this	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it needs a bandage	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	you think you saw something	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember going to see Julian	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	all this has ta be picked up you know	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	Thomas	Thomas	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he 'll be coming till next December Thomas	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you think	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think they might well be	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't know what to do for lunch so	no	10	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've gone done with anything nasty do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we know one day to go has gone	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think it was on Monday but I ca n't remember	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she could really play with your little boxes	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you 've done with them	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it is is it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think we need ta maybe change your nappie before tea do we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't think the whistle part of it 's working do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Mother	we know other rhymes about fingers	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why she 's sniffing this time	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know far more about him than I do Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think you need this in there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've seen this happen before	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'm putting it there because I think we oughta have a bite to eat now	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've had Quavers in a pink packet before have you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we bought it in Sainsbury 's actually Thomas	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think that goes on top of that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she feels a bit cold	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	Teletubbies I think	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	because we do n't know what they 're doing	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the fireman might like a drink of Coca Cola	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember where you 've just come from	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't need a nappie change but I think you do darling	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	if he thought you were bending the books in half would he	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time to get down do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	would	would	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I 'd like to kiss a real snake would you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mummy 'll just knead this dough for a few minutes	no need it	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think a quick brush would be alright today	no not need a brush	9	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it 's the kitchen	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		have	have	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	because I would n't have known what to have given a snake apart from water	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know an awful lot do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh Thomas if you do n't know what you 're talking about I 've no chance have I	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's the beaker of orange is n't it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't know he had trodden on a train and broken it did you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there will be balloons	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a bear coming from the tree	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you put your clothes in that at night ready for washing	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	only I think Jess is in your cot	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's quick march	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know why he 's cross	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's full of toys	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		doubt	doubt	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I doubt know whether it 's full of toys	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he will have	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think he will	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think we 'll be going for a walk at the moment Thomas	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	but I ca n't remember	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's under there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think you can now if you wan na	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this one goes with this one	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	and do you think this one goes with that one	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think they are over there because they 're not here are they	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you mean when you say suitsuits	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I think what we oughta do now is get our coat on and have a little walk out to see if we can see the bin man	no	28	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think real dustbin bags would taste very nice	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	Sonya might have shouted at Isabel and called her a naughty girl but I do n't think the policeman came	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	ade I dig a Smarties I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've anything else that 'd fit on your finger	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 're thinking of the traffic cone as an orange fish being hooked on a fishing line	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what Dimitra 's called	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think that 's so funny Thomas	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Jess likes tea	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember it	no not	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there are any letters for Sue today Postman Pat	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's anything I 'm particularly interested in darling	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where we 're going	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember there 's an old lady	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	you really do need play on the table but I think we could do with getting you changed	no no	18	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	but I think we need ta get you changed	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh sweetheart I know	no need them	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know whether to laugh or cry	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you not know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't think how it goes now but it 's about four and twenty blackbirds	no no no no	16	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you looked very surprised because you did n't know what it was did you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I would have thought it was a fantastic breakfast with strawberries and sweeties	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it 's time to have a wash and get ready	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	and I think she would like to tam	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think she 's very happy now Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's a very clean cloth	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you think we 're alright	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think there 's a big snake in it	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 'm going to do with these this little bit of oatmeal that 's spilt	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we could do with going down to the fruit shop because we have n't got an awful lot of fruit have we	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	she	she	34	Mother	Mother	I think she 's a bit shy is n't she	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were going to look at these things	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought there were nice	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you mean Thomas	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there are anymore now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'd like to do that or not	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think it might have been on very early in the morning	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	think it 's a sausage	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've met Robert have you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what the matter is with you	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can do you think it looks like somebody has got a paintbrush and gone boomboomboom and drawn loads of stripes in the sky	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you had any mittens on when you went out did you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	well I do n't think I slipped on a slug	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I mean Thomas	no I have n't	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think if you start screwing	no	6	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Bertie the Bus fitted under there quite nicely Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we ca n't buy Purdie a bed with pictures of dogs on it can we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we need ta tidy these things away	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	you think it 's a jelly baby	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	and I remember now that a long long time ago we broke the lid and we did n't bother sticking it together	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you think so not	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's Isabel	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking of Twinkle Twinkle little star	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	and I think we must have forgotten all about it and put it in the shed	no got a shed	16	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's the new men who do n't seem to know you here	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	do you know where Thomas 's orange ring is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's a crocodile do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	oh you thinking it 's Monday because of the rubbish	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they 're in the loft	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think you 'll be doing with Nana and Granddad	no no no	12	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	well I do n't think you 'll play with the sand pit Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Purdie ever goes to Stockport to buy her own cat food does she	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's there is it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you took them off Becky or was it Abigail	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's very exciting because we did n't know it did all those things when we bought it did we	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I think that 's quite a lot Thomas for that	no no no	10	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've done the purple one yet do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know why	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember the story about the three little pigs	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember the story about the three little pigs	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	do we know any other storys about pigs	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 're spos ta hold his head are you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think not	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's this one	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 're going to see it now do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think the Tweenies are doing ring a ring a roses now do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember at toddler group we sang Old MacDonald had a farm	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	has	have	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Purdie has ever sat on you before has she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Mother	oh well I think Thomas does n't wan na play with us anymore	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think there was a dumper truck as well was n't there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I think some postman is going to come and collect it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where your slippers are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the fireman would like some Cornflakes	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I would n't have thought they 'd put an aeroplane in the rubbish tip	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	Barlerymore Road I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you do remember going actually	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that gate	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we could work out	no	6	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	so I think what we 'll try and do is buy a Tweenies cake	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 'll be seeing a lot of the postman next week	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember at Christmas when the postman kept coming with all the letters	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was in Sainsbury actually though	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're better now are n't you	no I got tummy bug now	9	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	um not know	no	3	1	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	and this one is the most recent and I do n't think you 've even had uh do n't think you 've even watched this Thomas	no	26	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you said it was going mummummum	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's like a lorry going beep beep at all Thomas	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I was the hero for letting you sit on my knee	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't know what soony boony meant before did we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Thomas I think is there a key	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	well I do n't think she would quite do that Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	you smell like a gorgeousorgeous I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it does actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember all those things	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't think cockerels are usually blue	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it should be green	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	36	Mother	Mother	I think really it 's a horse 's stable rather than a shed is n't it	no no no	16	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted a picnic	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'm not a very good shopkeeper	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you know I think you 're trapped in the wall	no I not	10	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought we were going to have a little chat	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	uh do you think it 's time to screw these two black bits back on	no no thank you	15	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's time for a bit of tidying up	no no	11	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that will help you not to spill it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh you 're thinking of Abigail and uh Francis played with your yellow car did n't they	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what those are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	so nobody need know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you need ta bang on the window Tom because they know you 're	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't think she was going to like it at first did we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it 's time they came down	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can we do that do you think	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think there 's um a story on Bob The Builder about some hedgehogs in the road because do n't they rescue them Thomas	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think we 're going to	no just going phss	7	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Mother	Thomas do you think I 'm a trampoline	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think there is quite a lot of tidying up to be done here Thomas	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember meeting Christina	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember Cathy	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't remember the beginning of this one	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you can see them from there can you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think what we 'll do now Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember it 's Little Bear going in	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's room for rabbit and little bear in that plane	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this teddy bear 's real name is	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	well a gem I think	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember what you 're called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	wo	will	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	and you wo n't know what that means	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think Purdie 's enjoying having Ginger staring at her is she	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what you 're talking about	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were a postman	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think the lights are on Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	or do you think he has eaten it himself	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	would	would	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	as long as it was waiting for Daddy to read when he came home he would n't know we 'd read it before him would he	no	26	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	or do you think he sleeps on top of all the newspapers	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Fireman Sam I think we need the police car and the ambulance	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	he would I think he would like to come in really but we ca n't have him in can we	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	Thomas	Thomas	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he realizes he 's upsetting Purdie though Thomas	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think he has gone now Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		Do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	Do you think Purdie can still see him	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think you 'd manage this piece	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it would be able to go along Kingsway very easily like that do you	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the balloons will go in the back of your post lorry will they	no your your look at them	17	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I think you mean your cheeks	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll put that little bag in the bin shall we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know I know I know I know I know I know I know	no no no	14	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	do you think there is or do you think that 's it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's the train carrying the pebbles	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	but I thought only big boys had telephones	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember that book we had about the dentist	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they came in your TNT lorry	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's not	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you know what you do want	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think either of us can say very much now can we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	um do n't know what	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's any better	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you think Sonia and Isabelle and Daddy Rod are on the train going poop poop	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	think Daddy fix it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you just need ta be cool and quiet for a little while longer I think do n't you	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's coming to bite your your nose off do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't really know many little boys that are younger than you	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	are	be	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 're quite ready to get rid of toys yet though are we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	so I think you 've a little while yet before we need worry about that	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're just being silly are n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's flying to the man on the moon	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	we better just wipe our hands I think because	no	9	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	well you know when it was your birthday you did n't wan na blow your candles out did you	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've got much food for Purdie have we	no I mean those puss cats	13	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	think that pussy can cat can get it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think he 's happy do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	thought it 's mine	no not	4	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 'm writing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we give money to the dustbin men normally do we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think if I was buying a house I would n't be taking my purse to the shop to buy a house do you	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought it was green	no I think	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that song	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think actually did the trowel not belong somewhere else	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	remember that train	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	she	she	37	Mother	Target_Child	because she did n't think she 'd like the country	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 're very well really are you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	but you haf ta be careful because if you 're outside asking somebody to pick you up you do n't know who it would be that picked you up	no	29	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think this is the driver	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	could	could	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I did n't know they could	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember seeing her	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	they know all about Jill and Bethany at nursery do they	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Mother	do you know where he is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what the dog 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	how did you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	vinegar	vinegar	37	Target_Child	Mother	vinegar think a get now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	she	she	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Missus Platford banged you on the head did she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	you thought she was coming now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Owl	Owl	37	Mother	Mother	Owl knows where Christopher Robin is	no he does n't does he	6	6	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think a lot of people like snakes Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	because I did n't think you were going to want a piece uh wan na eat an awful lot	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no no	3	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know the words to the theme tune to the Tweenies Thomas	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	so we do n't know where he is	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know like to get dressed	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think this 'll fit me	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he saw you actually Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't think of anything can you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you know Purdie does n't feel very well either was she	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas do you remember seeing the squirrels in the park	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	I	i	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think I 've seen your crocodile before have I	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	Toby	Toby	37	Investigator	Target_Child	Toby the tractor thinks that I 'm a road	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think I might make myself a cup of	no there	9	2	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you 've got to eat a little bit more food first	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	do you think that bag 's big enough	no we do need a bigger bag do n't we	8	10	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	and you know got in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were playing with the money and the digger	no no	11	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the shop I mean	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't know what Mummy was getting it did you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think we oughta go out for a little walk later do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	the only thing is I 've got to try and find the scissors and I do n't know where they are	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Mother	thought that 's mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know who that was at the ta at the window do you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's in the right hand	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know where the book is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't know where the book was	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	because I know where you are	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Mother	I thought he was in bed	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you remember it do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I 'll be able to catch it like this Thomas	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	I think something has happened to your shoe do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't think she 'd like to be in there do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know Postman Pat	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember the the ones I mean	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	well we 're getting very twisted with this but think this end is not quite as easy to do as the other end is it	no	25	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's part of the train set is n't it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	know what I saw	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you went into a shop and you thought it sold lollies but you looked round again and it did n't	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	ah do you know why these doors are not closing	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we need a skip	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you know when we go into Stockport	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	know what 's happen in a minute	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	well do you remember that story about lilys in the rain	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	know what his pussy cat 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what twenty four hours means Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		shall	shall	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	shall we think about having some breakfast	no we get off	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's either the tale of Peter rabbit	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that Ben was called Benjamin Berry	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		would	would	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I knew you would	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you remember last year we had strawberries do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you have apple and pear every day do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember the story of little red riding hood	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember he did things with those balloons	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember in April when we went with Nana and Grandad to MacDonald 's	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we were in Spain	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know his name	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	could	could	we	we	39	Mother	Target_Child	this is what we could n't think of	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we could swap the whistle for the sweeties	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I thought that 's the sick	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	but then I know where you are now Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	did you know I was there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	you 're thinking of paintings drying are n't you	no no	9	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	we	we	39	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't remember the rest do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	are	be	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't think we 're going to put those back in the food cupboard are we	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	did n't know we had all those sweeties did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I just knowed	no you must n't eat them	3	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that has got in it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	because I think if I 've just found them on the top shelf they must have been in the house a long time	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I want that another I think up there	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	you would n't like to think you were sleeping in a cardboard box somewhere would you	no I wan na sleep in a cardboard box	16	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no leave it where it is darling please	3	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've got a pocket in your shorts have you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	Thomas	Thomas	39	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	she sat down and the string on her necklace beads broke and the beads fell on the floor but I do n't think she sat on mash potato	no	28	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	think I 'm going to get a Nu Nu	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what happens to the things he collects in the recycling lorry	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	do you know what the vale bridge means	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't remember now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	you know what he 's called	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know about the big monster that lives in Scotland	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember taking her and picking her up	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know anyone else that has got long hair like me	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	but but you know what 's very bad about a chip fire as well	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Mother	no not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	know what got in it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	no do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're not eating a lot at the moment Thomas but would you like some toast	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think to that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	then know what he did	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you know wan na listen to my story about my pussy cat	no I not like it	13	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where this cup is from Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	41	Mother	Target_Child	let 's hold hands then we need n't be frightened because we know we 're there for one another do n't we	no	22	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Mother	Mother	well oh I do n't think we really need ta take her to the Doctor but I 'm glad she 's outside	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	but I think we need a fireman to help you out do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it looks nice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	Thomas do you think it 's possible to use this to cut my hair	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how to do a human wheelbarrow	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	I did n't know you were a wheelbarrow Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what I mean	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	40	Mother	Target_Child	does she know how many	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what animal milk comes from	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember with the teacher	no	6	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you know down the cobbled street	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	you	you	41	Mother	Mother	you 're thinking of the nursery of nursery where Missus Platford reads a book and then Mummy picks you up	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	41	Mother	Target_Child	well we know that do n't we	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Mother	Mother	because if the teacher 's trying to ask you questions like I 'm trying to ask you questions and you do n't pay attention I think you 're going to get into a lot of trouble	no	36	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's somebody come with a newspaper do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Mother	I do n't think Linda and Brian would wan na drink if it had been on the floor do you	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you know a little straw hat	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Mother	do you know the machines I mean	no	7	1	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we 'll haf ta cut the leg off Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know who it is that 's naughty	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think he 'd get a shock	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	not know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what the box was in it originally Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this train says on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	did you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that story	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what song goes head shoulders knees and toes	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's you is n't it Mister Lightyear	no it is n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you not know about him	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have have n't you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you think I would n't notice	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	if I had handcuffs now do you know what I would do	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no I bet you do n't	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	somebody has upset you but you do n't know who	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's the tape recorder	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	because I think I 'll put you on top	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	your head feels a bit hot but I think that 's because you 've been crying and giggling	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		haf	have	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what we haf ta do as well today	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who Anna is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Target_Child	Mother	know what it says	no what does it say	4	5	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Target_Child	Mother	know what it says Mummy	no what does it say	5	5	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	it 's just you gave me a raisin so I thought you might like a piece of my cheese	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these people are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that letter is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	well you know what those are	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it can be anything very much	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	you know why I 'm doing this	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we 'd sorted that out	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember the little boy at the Beehive the other day	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember seeing	no Mummy because I 'm pressing this button	4	8	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's bathtime now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	43	Father	Mother	I do n't think we 'll be able to do it again because I think the box is broken	no I think the box is broken	19	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	they	they	43	Mother	Target_Child	and you lie you were lying in it and when Nana and Grandad arrived they did n't know where you were	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	know what it 's called	no what 's it called	5	5	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	know what it 's name called Mummy	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what they 're for	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time we got out of the bath	no it is n't	11	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	no I think it 's time to get	no it is n't	8	4	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	we	we	43	Mother	Target_Child	when we first used this we did n't think it worked did we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that man 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember the fifth of November	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	ah do you know what the fox is hiding amongst	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those flowers are called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you know what he does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what has happened this year	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	and oh you thought the fireworks were beautiful	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	you know what he did Mummy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you know what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're getting very tired actually Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	and I think we 're going to haf ta finish in a minute	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	Thomas	Thomas	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what though Thomas	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy and you know what else came	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	it does n't matter that I ca n't remember what it 's called	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think to that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	well I think that 's rather nice	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	43	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know his name do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's alright	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's waiting for the lorry	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	you know where it 's landing	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think you need a little drink to take your hiccups away	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's somebody in the house that 's going to shut the door	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think you need a drink to take the hiccups away do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	I	I	43	Mother	Mother	do I know what what Thomas	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	you know what Mum	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what happened to Samara 's Mummy	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you know what he does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know what the tiny pears are called	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		was	be	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	and Mummy you know water was today was	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you know what Samara did	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	he	he	43	Mother	Target_Child	or is this his nose and he did n't know where it was	no it is n't	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Mother	do you think you can get it to work	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they 're all about Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	and you know what what	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	do you know what a naughty trick is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	I know you 've got hiccups	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the other one that Grandad taught us	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	I know you 're always hungry	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Mother	remember twelve o'clock	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Investigator	Target_Child	how can we get that do you think that will balance on here	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	you know what 's in here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought we were going to say ladys and gentlemen here 's Thomas singing when Santa got stuck up the chimney	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	you saw some snakes at the zoo and Mummy you shouted Daddy I wan na go look at the um crocodiles and then Mummy one of the snakes come out of his home and you know what he done Mummy	no	40	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	Felix	Felix	44	Mother	Target_Child	you could have a wall built by the patio and Felix would think what	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy and you know what I 'll have at the top of my cake	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	no not yet because I think we all could do some s	no no no no	12	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I know what could be one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	let me go and have a look and I 'm taking the mix with me because I know you 'll pinch the bowl	no no	23	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		've	have	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 've enough to make six more buns because if we have that 's eighteen buns and Purdie 's eighteen	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think we have	no thank you	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	know what he does	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	know you do n't mind	no we 'll do it together though	5	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	know what this machine is doing	no what 's this machine doing	6	6	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember the story	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	when you was going in a driveway know what he saw	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where it clips on to	no it does n't clip onto anything	8	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'll like that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they would be easier for you do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think you better use glue now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	you know when I look Daddy you know what I can see	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Investigator	Target_Child	so I wan na know more about you bumping your head at c at school today	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Investigator	Mother	you know why he 's annoyed at you moving your bike	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Mother	do you know Jean	no I do n't but I 'm going to play with this while he 's not here	4	17	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you do know who this engine is do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Mother	I remember this from when we did the buns	no come on Thomas do do that because it 's not nice	9	12	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you think it 's purple	no they 're only green or grey Thomas	6	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	know which one I 'm gon ta to have	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I know but Mummy what these are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	you know what it says on Mummy on the top	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Target_Child	know many know how many eggs this lady wants	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Mother	remember where there was all that art and craft things where Mummy bought some card	no do n't crush it Thomas	15	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	know what this is for	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	46	Mother	Mother	I do n't think I 've ever called the fire brigade out before Thomas for having a flat battery	no thank you	19	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	know Mummy know who eat sharks and whales	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	you thought you were never never getting a prize	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	ca	can	it	it	46	Target_Child	Mother	because it ca n't know where is the stairs	no I think if it went upstairs it would be very strange would n't it	9	15	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I know what you want it for	no I do n't need it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I think I have all gone	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	do you know what I 'm digging	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Mother	do you know how to do a Chinese dragon dance	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's a bit greedy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we should both go to sleep now	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Mother	did you think of that name	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Investigator	Target_Child	I think we haf ta get the roller in that rolls the pussy cat away and then puts him in pussy cat jail	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	right do you think Purdie would like something to eat	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what rec means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know her	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	he	he	47	Mother	Target_Child	tea shop does he know about this	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	well I think he had better come down here and do that do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll haf ta do it	no there 's no more	8	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	I thought it would zoom round here	no I think we 're not bothering with that	7	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what a hulahoop is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	did you know he was called Clifton	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas do you know how to build the train track	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what my favorites are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	first did you think it was exploding	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	well Rudolf must like carrots because do you remember what we did at Christmas	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I went to stay with some friends in Jersey that you I do n't know if you remember Uncle Matthew and Auntie Jean	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Mother	and I know that would n't hurt you but I would be jolly cross	no do n't Thomas because if those little prongs get damaged	14	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why we use extension leads like this Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	oh no not the bubbles I do n't know what it is	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	you remember why I do n't want milk	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I mean by tartan	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	we	we	48	Mother	Target_Child	I wonder if we 've got any books about lighthouses I do n't think we have have we	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	48	Mother	Mother	it 's the banana one and I do n't think you really fancied it at the time did you	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there 's any more yoghurt we 'll haf ta	no	13	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what we did with that piece of toast	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Father	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	48	Mother	Mother	we do n't know what the purpose of worms are	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how to make a daisy chain	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	think it 's in the bin	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's red	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's an ice cream van	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Mother	Mother	but you know we found that little piece	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that is do n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 're spos ta wash them really are you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	I know that Purdie 's with you but she 's sitting on my knee	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	you know for learner drivers because I think Purdie might wan na take up driving	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	I think she did n't I think she said she did n't wan na learn	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	49	Target_Child	Mother	um did you know I 'm a doc this did you know this was a doctor 's	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I should walk back do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you know about that says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Mother	I think the potatoes have gone a bit	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what happened to those	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that was	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	I think I want shop here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think you 've lost that but I think	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Target_Child	Mother	know why I can come in wet concrete	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you get free toys with underpants Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't think any of the Tweenies live near here Thomas	no they do not	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's called a bulldozer	no it 's a snow it 's snow plough for the train	8	12	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they use snow ploughs on building sites	no I 'm pretending it 's a cements um a cements mover	10	12	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've just been noticing	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this could be	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	so I thought even more that would be a very nice present would n't it	no it 's not	15	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	Amber	Amber	50	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know why Amber	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know any songs about police men	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	I said do you know any policemen that are on telly	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember me coming last time	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I think I 'll throw it over there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Target_Child	Mother	you know why it 's like this	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think what you 've got is absolutely fine do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	51	Mother	Mother	that was n't what I was thinking t	no	8	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a palette is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	I mean you know it 's the end of a busy week	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what moisture is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that 's just reminded me of	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	Thomas	Thomas	50	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember what she did then Thomas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I think	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's on the television is n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what my real name is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	well I do n't think I 'll be able to fill that one	no I do n't think you will	13	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	ooh I remember when I was a hundred	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	but you know what 'll happen	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	in fact do you know why I had ta put the washing machine on this morning	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I think you 'll get me even dirtier	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Purdie would lie where it was damp	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it 'll have long gone since I had it Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	they	they	51	Mother	Target_Child	if they thought we were listening to their conversation do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	51	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 're a bit excited are n't you	no I 'm not	10	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know where have you been to Cheadle before	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think the bus has gone on the motorway do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what happens Thomas	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know where to put it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	well I think I 'm going to miss it do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should go now come on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	this you know what this truck does	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	well I think that might belong in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you know what seventy minutes is Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know what I think your favorite saying is	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think when I 'm dead	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	and you know what the little grit truck did	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	then I think you put it into a big tray do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I think once you 've boiled it up in the pan	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're thinking of pancakes are n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	would	would	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	Mum I do n't think Mum would	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	but do you know what happens Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't even know where the plug was	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I did one day Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Target_Child	Mother	I bet you wan na know how when it 's I 've been gone	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	well I think that 's a little bit expensive do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	well seeing as we have n't I have n't drunk my coffee and I do n't think you 've drunk your juice have you Thomas	no	25	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	we do as I say you 're not ashamed to know me are you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you know what Belisha beacons are do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's fine	no	5	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	have you got a story about Jemima Puddleduck do you think somewhere	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we went to the lake district	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know anything about Peter Rabbit uh not Peter Rabbit Jemima Puddleduck	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		is	be	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't even know if Jemima_Puddleduck 's on that video is she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this nice story	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	I think we better just pause the tape a minute I should have thought and done this sooner should n't I	no do n't Thomas please do n't pick those	21	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll do some cooking	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to drink that juice do you think	no it 's too sour	10	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know no	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		might	might	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	I thought he might	no no be careful	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Target_Child	Mother	do you know who he 's going to eat now	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Nana would like to be likened to a red dinosaur do you	no she 's black	16	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	we better go to the dentist soon you know	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	so I think perhaps if you 'd just increased your hours from nursery to school she would n't of missed you but	no	22	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't think we can just leave Azair off Thomas	no I do n't wan na	12	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Target_Child	Mother	and you know what happened	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	she	she	53	Mother	Target_Child	did she know you had fallen	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know if she does want	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you 'd seen a container ship have n't you there	no have n't	12	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember that do you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Target_Child	Target_Child	I thought it was you but it was you o	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	hum I thought you heard and just chose to ignore me	no	11	1	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we were ever that keen when we were going to places like toddler group in the morning were we getting up	no	25	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	um Holly Watkins Mum said that Holly had left a picture in your bag on Friday did you know	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember what it was	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Target_Child	Mother	do you know this train is going now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember your joke about the runaway train	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what have you heard of that show before	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think they 'd believe us	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how old she is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that someone stole my nose	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	it well do you think we 'll find his tail in one of the other bins	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Investigator	Mother	you never know what your cats are doing	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	do you know	no no	3	2	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	know where cee beebies live	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember a while ago we went with Daddy on that paddle steamer and it was really windy	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't know though	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should just throw the thistles away do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we should take some of the leaves	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	sort of eucalyptus you know when you 've got a cold and we get something to put on your handkerchief to let you breathe better	no	25	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll have them now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	well do you know what that says	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think Daddy bought it in Sainsburys did n't he	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	think these and that belong to the car transporter	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why these fit wider	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	you never really know what happens	no	6	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you know why cats have whiskers Thomas do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think a marble 's part of it do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do do you think your train 's a little bit big Thomas	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think you quite like these building these little road blocks Thomas	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a place is called where taxis gather	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think Daddy said last week there are eight	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you know Auntie Val	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're making names up now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think after five it 's six	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what most wine 's made from	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 'd be that interested really do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	do you think he will	no I think he 's got some on	5	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that Scottish song	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	um I think she wants she wants to stand on the flowers	no I do n't think she 'll stand on the flowers	12	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	we	we	54	Mother	Mother	I think we 've met before have n't we	no	9	1	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	54	Mother	Target_Child	well we know that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'd rather go and get a shower and get dressed actually	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's the tubby custard machine	no your friend	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	did you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		useta	useta	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	I think you probably useta say duck duck duck	no do n't go and touch the wires please	9	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think I need a service engineer if the car 's broke	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	I think we 'd better talk a bit more rather than just eat do n't you	no do n't be silly	16	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that would be good	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	have	have	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	have you not thought about shop	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	I did n't know that trucks had faces did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know any of these dwarves' names	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what bashful means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	I	I	55	Investigator	Target_Child	come in and see if I can remember their names	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	one	one	55	Investigator	Mother	what do you think that this one	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know the words	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what she 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	now do you know what else is in Birmingham	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what type of chocolate that is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that put that hedgehog was called	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember dolly mixtures	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what the little boy 's name is	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know that nursery rhyme	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	you know what a ruler is	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	I think are you sitting on it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Target_Child	Mother	do you know why	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what it did at Christmas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those types of drink are called Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what Mummy would say	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't know her name actually do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	but I think she wants to go	no	7	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Mother	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas do you remember that song	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember going on Mike 's boat	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think you counted one row twice	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't think they stock all of these	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the lid is for this box Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think you 'll say no	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they call those ice creams with flakes in	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember those	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think I can hear the ice cream man	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what Daddy did with that last year	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what stress means Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		were	be	you	you	56	Mother	Mother	were you thinking of skiing	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's room to do it here or not	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	I thought that was going to be	no	7	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Target_Child	Mother	think you 're wrong	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	I thought I saw Felix jumping up	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	56	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think of the Christmas tree	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought that was all the fun	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	think the men will wave at you	no it 's not the same men	7	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	did you think that was a tortoise	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if that 'll make any difference but uh	no it 's still flashing	12	5	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	we	we	57	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we had any pieces of track left actually at the end did we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	well do n't you think we could do without all accidents	no Mum it do n't mean you have a accident	11	10	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's ab absolutely fine I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh I know I hope it 's a new action man that 's squashed	no not a present for you	14	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it 's fine where it is is n't it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what I 've done	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're pretending but do n't touch it with them	no no no no no no no no	12	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that was um gas canisters like that though	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise do you know what I might do	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	right it look do you know what it looks like to me	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's because we keep spraying all these air fresheners around that it 's making Purdie sneeze do you	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you know the little band we have	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	is that part of the nativity set do you think	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't ever remember rabbits actually being part of the nativity scene can you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	so I do n't know whether you can use these boxes for anything can you	no thank you	15	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	well can you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	and I think we 'll get rid of that carrier bag as well because it 's got holes in it and there 's not a lot of point having a a bag with holes is there	no	36	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know what that 's from do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know why	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you might like that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	because I keep thinking my hat must be on the train because	no	12	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas can you remember who I told you I 'd seen on Friday when I was on the bus	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I think I told you this before	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we can use those magnets	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what useta be in that jar	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	and you know what that does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it would be better just to pick the bag up	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've seen these have n't we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they have actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what those are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	I thought you were going to give her a gingerbread man as well	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	you know what 's in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know that rhyme	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	if you drink too many coke do you know what happens	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've not had a drink of for ages	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think it makes mine feel sick	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	even thinking about it 's making me feel sick	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	58	Mother	Mother	I would n't have thought so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how the scales work	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know why I 'm not very happy	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who it looked like	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said I wo n't	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that little promise	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'd like to eat the apple later	no no	11	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I know I know I joke with you and I know I tease you about the police getting you and things but seriously Thomas there are security men in shops for that	no	32	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	you know where I 'm going to get it from	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember Tom	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		'll	will	he	he	58	Mother	Mother	because he 'll know he 'd pick the ticket up and he 'd say ha you 've done this journey before naughty naughty naughty naughty naughty naughty girl and put me in prison	no	33	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	what does she do Thomas do you know	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	58	Mother	Target_Child	does she know that you call her Missus Jolcie	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what the difference between the cinema and the theater Thomas	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think Tom we 'd better do a little bit of reading actually do n't you think we look at your school book	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	that 's that 's not a good dream do you know what we call bad dreams	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	now do you know what it says on this page	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd say Mummy can I have a Crunchie and what do you think Mummy would say to that	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	oh and you 're making a mess and do you know why I would say no	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you did because it is all hanging up or it 's	no	15	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		did	do	he	he	59	Mother	Target_Child	did he remember me	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'd like that one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	now do you know what to do	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what exams are Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've noticed with you Thomas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a thimble is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	you know that do n't you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	know what I saw	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	did	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	oh did you not know that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	has	have	she	she	59	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she 's been out this morning has she	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	but do you know what I use that one for	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I did	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think that 's a meow ow	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Target_Child	Mother	you know what this button does	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	I think you haf ta have special gloves on do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	do n't think I 'll play with that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	wo	will	we	we	59	Mother	Target_Child	come on because we wo n't know where it is	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these little rough bits are for there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I thought there was some meat you told me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	think a model cat needed cat food does it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	did you know see me reversing him round helping and guiding him	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he 's even noticed Purdie do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	posh means um you know what posh means do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that nice music support is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	I do n't know why you 've stopped	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	oh I did n't think the little engine would get past I thought the the carriages of the um Intercity might because there were so many wheels	no	27	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you can get far more chocolates in the back of your delivery lorry than you can when you try putting them in the back of your postbox	no	29	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Brian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't think you 'd realize	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Brian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Dimitra will come	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Brian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think Dimitra will come	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Brian	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	ya	ya	25	Mother	Mother	do ya think he 's a a duck	no I think he 's a mouse could be a mouse	8	11	question	declarative	Bernstein Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	do you know what this animal is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bernstein Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	18	Mother	Mother	do you know what that is	no it 's not a kitty	6	6	question	declarative	Bernstein Kay	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think the shoes come off	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Bernstein Lena	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	17	Mother	Mother	I know what we can do	no	6	1	declarative	question	Bernstein Alice	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'd	would	you	you	17	Investigator	Mother	you 'd think that zippers would be easier to manipulate	no they 're not	10	4	trail	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	she seems to have acquired quite a large vocabulary although I could n't always tell what she was saying do you think she had any particular problems with any of those any of the pictures or words	no not really	37	3	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	does she think they look like cakes or is she only getting part of the word when you say it to her	no she says	22	3	question	quotation	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	she	she	16	Investigator	Mother	she knew some things about the cage the door you called it a cage she understands that	no	17	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	16	Investigator	Mother	do you think she knows that that abstract little thing is a house	no	13	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	she	she	22	Investigator	Mother	she knew about things like spoons and a cup does she name things around the breakfast table	no	17	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	does she know them or were they bad pictures	no she knew turtle she did n't know the mouse and I think it 's because it did n't look very much	9	22	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	do you think she	no I do n't think she um paid attention to that	4	11	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where your baby is oh	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Cindy	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	16	Mother	Mother	think it will work there	no	5	1	question	question	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Mother	do n't know what happened to his nose though	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	17	Mother	Mother	where do you think it will work	no I do n't think it will work in there	7	10	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	17	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	17	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Target_Child	think it will fit there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Mother	Mother	uh I think you 'll haf ta turn the page	no	10	1	declarative	question	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that will go in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you know that June	no	5	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	bunny	bunny	19	Mother	Target_Child	what does bunny think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when you got an Easter basket	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	remember this one useta have a drum on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you remember when Grandma sent you something for Valentine 's Day	no	11	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	remember when you spilt your juice with the book	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	remember when you knocked my plants on the floor	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I know you like to turn it	no no I turn it	7	5	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you can leave your underwear on okay	no take them off	10	4	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think the little boy and the little girl are gon ta go to school huh	no they 're gon ta play	16	6	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	do you remember the mean lady in this movie	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you know what this is	no not on the butterfly page	6	6	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no I do n't remember	3	5	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's blue	no I do n't think it 's blue	5	8	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you think he 's waving to that girl	no	9	1	question	question	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're done with the puzzle do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you think turtles know how to drive	no	7	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	girls	girl	36	Visitor	Target_Child	do n't girls know how to drive boats	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Visitor	Target_Child	you do n't know what he 's doing	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Visitor	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Visitor	Target_Child	do you think he 's going to be able to find it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nat	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I thought you were building a bomber	no	7	1	declarative	question	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	ya	ya	26	Mother	Target_Child	what do ya think	no no workie	4	3	question	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	I thought you were gon ta eat the cookies	no I wan na play one	9	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	think it 's on just like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	you think she 's fixing dinner	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	do you think it 's dark outside	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	I think that ear goes over here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	I thought this was the clown nose	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	I think you have gas	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	do you remember going to see Gramma Giina	no	8	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's upside down	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	yeah I think it goes like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	you think you might break that if you sit on it	no I 'm just cxxx	11	5	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	you think Mr Sandman came	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	no I think this is next	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	do you remember your telephone number today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you think Trevor 's coming over	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	oh I thought you were gon ta talk to Danielle	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Target_Child	she wants to know are you going swimming	no	8	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no I will get em	4	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	think all make a puzzle	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	do you think she 's on the phone with you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	I think we oughta screw your lets screw this arm on	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Target_Child	remember the story up with people	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Target_Child	remember that	no	2	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you remember	no	2	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	um think they 'd have cake	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you think there is in that suitcase	no a band hat	7	4	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you know Joey	no	3	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's in the kitchen	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought they were black	no they 're not black	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think that must be Mommy	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	and I think she said she was going to pick up Gregg	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	um I think it will	no it go in here	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	sure grandpa Davis has a hammer but I think grandpa Hankey has a hammer too	no he has a screwdriver	15	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	cause I think he went to go get some paper for the office	no do n't do that that hurts	13	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think an elephant can come to our house	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	no they would n't bite you their to big I do n't think an elephant could get in the door	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oo I did n't know that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think do	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought the water came out of the hose	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	you think there 's a waitress here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Father	know why	no	2	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think it 'll fit in there David	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we can make the garage big enough for the jeep	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Father	you think the apples add anything darling	no	7	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Father	Nathaniel I do n't think it 's a good idea to chew on your comb	no	15	1	interruption	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	you can throw that away I think maybe	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should say goodbye to her though	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh this a one you know	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think Nathaniel needs to go to bed	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know dis song	no I do n't know this one either	6	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know this one	no this is the one that daddy sings with you	6	10	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	what do n't you think Baaee can sing this sing these songs too	no	13	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	daddy	daddy	32	Target_Child	Mother	daddy do n't know dis	no but there 's so many songs in here we do know Nathaniel	5	13	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	know dat one	no do n't know any of them	3	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know dat one	no know that one	5	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I had I want I thought maybe you 'd say please	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you need ta go pee pee	no	9	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Friend	Target_Child	do you really think you can eat a whole one uh two of them Nathaniel	no	15	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	a nail clipper and clip clip that nail honey because I think it 's a little bit	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	gee I think we oughta put this guy back to bed	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	can you think of two things that are the same Nathaniel	no	11	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	he	he	40	Mother	Target_Child	does he think he 's a train	no	7	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	could	could	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	no I did n't think you could	no the trailer wo n't fit on that car	7	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	I would have thought that 's spos ta be stuck	no do n't pull it off	10	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Mother	do you know what it says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	know what that is	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	motor we have n't got a motorbike I do n't think	no we 've not got a motorbike	11	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I think we 'll haf ta make the goat	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I think it 's the other bit of picture	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think orange juice wants any milk to drink	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think this will hook on very well actually	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think that 's right is it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it goes there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		were	be	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	especially not on your head if that 's what you were thinking of doing	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	well I think it was the last one in the shop	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember how to mend it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what she 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no think so	5	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't think it can	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that 's a good idea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	at the moment I do n't think it 'll have a policeman in it	no have a police	14	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think the Land_Rover 's probably all right	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know that one go there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you really think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think she might help you with your shopping	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Mother	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you do n't always know where they go	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there are any tins with worms in	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a snake	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	it	it	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it will	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'm lovely	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	are you going to put them in the box broken up because if you are I do n't think the lid will fit	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh you knew you were going to do something like that did you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought nothing was the horse you sat on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	do n't know if your trailer 's here	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	because lion I think lion 's hungry because he did n't have any breakfast did he	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're wearing green ones today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	oh can you remember how much these were	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	she 's waving goodbye to the Land Rover I think	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know where you picked that up from	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think they did did n't they	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think he 's in there is he	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 'll be a gymnast somehow	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think you 're going	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 'd make it down to be quite honest	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	they	they	25	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think they 'll fit will they	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	what else do you know	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he 's going to fit on	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I think we 've lost the burger	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that goes on first	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	do you think	no	3	1	self	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think	no	4	1	self	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	bet you do n't know what all those are	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember when we useta do that to you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	because if you do n't you know what I 'm gon ta do	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we can remember that one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	and do you think he 'll come rushing to the scene	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think we 've done that one yet have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Shelly was a snail	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	think he 's a little bit big	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Investigator	Mother	I think you need ta be a bit slower	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		cannot	cannot	mummie	mummie	30	Mother	Target_Child	and mummie cannot remember for life what that one 's called	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	that 's how it was I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think you have have you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's green but it 's a hot water bottle	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	do you know which one it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought that was the one you wanted	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a really good book	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was something like Jack	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think penguins make noises like that do they	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	32	Mother	Mother	what about something we know	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think you were right with the blue one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you might be	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I know it says Sir top and hat in it	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know more words to that one do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought cows lived in in farms	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I I thought you might have this	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	um I do n't think the rabbit 's got a name	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember any of the names	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think it will will it	no it 's not big enough	9	6	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think this is a wild success is it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think your puzzle really is for your digger to roll across is it	no not	16	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know what happened to two do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the tractor could really push that steam roller away could it	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think it flew out of an open window	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	you 're probably sitting on it I should think	no you 're not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I think panda 's going to ride your digger	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think his shoes come off Aran	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it is you know	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it might be in the car	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you can darling	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think we 'd better put him in a pen where he 's safe and then he wo n't chase us will he	no	22	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think he eats Aran	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	is anybody going to the church do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Daddy can stick it back to be honest	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't think any of the rest of them have got drivers have they	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 'll come out will it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	well I think if you sit on she 'll fall off wo n't she	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there is a key to that door	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we just ca n't see them	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they 're crying really	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's one of Santa 's elfs	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I thought you wanted a knot in it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	we	we	27	Mother	Mother	I think we should have put it up on Christmas eve should n't we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	well do you think the monkey would like to swing on that	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you remember seeing the trains that Mummy got off	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you know what those are do n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think we can actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were going to call it Dan dog	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think everybody else would enjoy a ride	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I think no	no	3	1	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh well I think the lion 'll enjoy eating that sheep wo n't it	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	because you know that 's only a pretend one do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		could	could	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	I think you could have a boiled egg could n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's hurt	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were going to talk to Anna	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he can eat that darling no	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		ca	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you think of any other names	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	you know that these are just pretend	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	know where my singing box is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	Mummy	Mummy	30	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy do n't know do n't know where it is	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	or is it because you ca n't remember names like Dobbin and Neddy	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't think	no	4	1	self	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	leave that one I think	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I thought that was dolly	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	do you think she 's got some teeth Aran	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I think it do n't have a big wheel	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	but I do n't think you 're spos ta do that are you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	yes but I think you 've got I think you 've got a problem of logistics here	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	well I think we 'll take this train onto its next stop	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 'd be all right with just a frock on would n't she	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	remember I 'm Dyllis Price	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	and you know jolly well which one is it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there 's anything inside them Aran	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think there 's anything in there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I think I can play	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know how	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know that one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I think Benny_the_breakdown_truck 's a bit small for that tractor really is n't it	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	think it will fall down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I thought it might be	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	people	people	33	Mother	Mother	people think you 're funny if you go round saying that blue is pink	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I 'll just go and look because I think I might have left the boiler on	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	do you know where it 's gone to	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	in fact I think I 'll ask Daddy to take me	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll make something different this time	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they do these days	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have a level crossing	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	if I knew that I would n't be looking for it would I	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we can put this away	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think he looks nice and shiny	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think they 've run away	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	would	would	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Drybones would be able to steal an engine would he	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think I can dig a hole under the walls	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know why not because you 've never tried it have you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's gon ta pick it up	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I think it might be Andy 's	no	7	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's a bit hot	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	Grandpa thought there was something wrong with it did n't he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	does that look like his van do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	or do you think it 's a beet root	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	know how you open it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're stuck are you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll get presents	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	thought you did do rolling with Daddy	no	7	1	declarative	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	can you remember	no	3	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's yours but Andy might like it might n't he	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he is	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	gon ta get your toes I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you think he 'd be too big	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's a tomato	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think Caroline missed it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know if there 's room for you in there	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's squashing him	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	must be the daddy one I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	did you think he 'd trumped	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think he 's bringing presents	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	is he Mother Christmas do you think	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there is a Mother Christmas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	think so	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what Sugar is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		been	be	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 've been	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	thought we were going to go to MacDonalds	no wan na go to MacDonalds	8	6	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	think there will be	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	do you know who Donald Duck is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Fireman Sam would have had ta come and rescue you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's alright	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's better	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	think he needs an injection	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	is he gon ta come down the chimney do you think	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'll come there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you need your	no no	7	2	self	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where that 's a picture of	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	think so	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	it	it	28	Target_Child	Mother	me do it think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know what you want me to do really	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	think something has broken off that has n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I know you want a pink bicycle but you 've got a bicycle already	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	think you might cry	no	4	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think she 'd like some knickers for Christmas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think Caroline wants to pinch your biscuits	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's the margarine	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think	no	1	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think he 's too little	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	but I did n't think they 'd be very good for when Daddy goes to put the bin out and things	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think Daddy would look a bit funny walking outside with spiders on his feet	no	17	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	that 's a rhinoceros I think	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think it needs some tickling	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought this was it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	because you know what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	they	they	29	Mother	Mother	do you think they will	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it swam away	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were saving it until Christmas Day	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think do you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	think a worm 's eaten it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I think go and get one	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	dead as a Dodo do you think	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think Daddy shouted hooray	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 're gon ta be a horse rider are you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	just do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	think it 's yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 'd better call the police	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember baby Joey	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	think it 's on now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	're	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know or they 're not	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no wan na do it	3	5	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	think I did	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this 'll stay alive very long	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think it will	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	was	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he was ready was he	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	was	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	he was n't ready to have no nappie on I do n't think was he	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think that was a bit	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think he needs some knickers first does n't he	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Grandpa 'll be very pleased will he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think we liked it as much as the other one did we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it needs mending	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 're big enough to do it now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	think it 'll come off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	think you will	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'd rather have a c d	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	would he like Romeo and Juliet do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think it 's yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there might be some on holiday	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he will	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think you 'll get a drink at play+group	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think they 'll have lots of nice books	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think it was	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think he might wan na hide in the box	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	but two people rang Mummy and they thought it was at our house	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we need our tree chopping	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought this would be a comfortable place to hide	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	think the gas+man might be coming	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think he can open the door	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	think that might be a megablock we nicked from somebody at some point	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	what do you think	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	he 's taking all his tools back to the car so I think he must 've finished	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we have	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know when he he woke up before Mummy and Daddy had even gone to bed last night	no	18	1	declarative	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	and what do you know where she lives	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	think you are	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	is it nearly touching the ceiling now do you think	no	10	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	think tigers are friends with hippos	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	think the flowers could hear them ringing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we 'll have a little sleep	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you remember what it was made out of	no	9	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what that dog 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	think it could be super here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	remember pushing a little trolley around	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you remember that supermarket called Waitrose	no	7	1	question	question	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think Caroline knows what she 's doing does she	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that one is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think you do do you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think he 'll go in as well	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	think you can wear them still	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the elephant 's gone from this	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	think they did	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember what you did with it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's yours Becky	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	because I I do n't think Caroline 's got a front of train	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he 'll go on the back	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	they	they	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they 'll hold hands will they	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think Sukie can fit through the tunnel	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any more songs	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they do	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it goes there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	he	he	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he will will he	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's a big enough tunnel	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's behind your ear is it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's why he 's not very happy	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	I know	no no no	2	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he wants you to pick him up Becky	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was Becky	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't think he wants to go in the push+chair	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think he does does he	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's thinking about getting out actually	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought she was going to have some diner	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think she might like a story	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know much today Becky do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you could n't find the pasta	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if you 're going to be able to do it yourself	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	27	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think the people on the bus go round and round do they	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I think turtle 's stuck Becky	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	they 're tins of fruit I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think you can	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where they all are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	ca n't remember that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what that is do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's going to rain	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's going to rain	no is	7	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I think the strawberry might fit in that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what he looked like	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what happened last night Becky when after you 'd gone to sleep	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's your conker now Becky	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that does actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember what happened to panda last week	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she perhaps needs a dress on first Becky	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you wrote animals on your list though did you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what he 's just done	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think elephants are fluffy	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	because I think he 'll fall off	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	can can you remember it Becky	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think those ears might be upsidedown do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know you do n't wan na do drawing Becky	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think I 'd better have the shopping basket to put my shopping in	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's lost now I think	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you need ta dip any more though Becky do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think we oughta put some of these things away now because Caroline 'll be back soon	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		are	be	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I know I am are n't	no	6	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	do n't think that goes there does it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	if he 's just had his bath he should really really be thinking about going to bed I suppose should n't he	no	22	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there are any horses in there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there is	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	what color do you think that should be	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you might be	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think cats will eat corn	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think they 'll fit actually	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think dolly 's going to be cold without a dress on	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	John	John	24	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll haf ta leave penguin here I think John	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I know you get overexcited sometimes	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	well do you think it will fit	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	26	Investigator	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's time for the postman	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it does actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	think so	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that 's a good idea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if the animals like rockets	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a hippopotamus	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think maybe it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it would like being shut in the red box	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you bought a balloon	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't know where the bottle is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	well I think she should bend over for spanking	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	24	Mother	Mother	Mummy knows that she 's not hot	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she needs any darling	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you do like toast	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think this is the baba teddy is n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you could do that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you think the tunnel starts in there do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think there is	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh well I think baba would stick better probably	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're gon ta put that away now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 've finished with that now	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we might need another page for that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think I know what 's gon ta happen when I finish this	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think sometimes you 're a little French girl	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mo 's very poorly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	well what do you think	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you think you 're going on a plane on holidays do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're a naughty girl	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a goat	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I was sitting down beside you	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you 're a noisy boy now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it goes does it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	oh I think we have enough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he could find his Mummy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	well I think this is a Daddy really but never mind	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the engineer 's very good	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think these open pet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you think it looks like a bee	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you know where the sausages went	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mummy 's died now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there is any more	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'd like to sleep on the top or the bottom	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	and were there any white clouds do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you like this book much do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't think I 'm gon ta get that off at all	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	you were right first time I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it goes on this dress you see	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's saying sorry	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't know what you 've done	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he took it to work with him	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	they	they	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think they 've enjoyed themselves have n't they	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you 'd better tell her a story then	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	he 's just as greedy you know	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think his blood pressure 's a bit low	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's normal	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's high	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 's gon ta get through any tunnels like that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're called Holly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think they might run away from this big cross bull coming	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	my	my	31	Target_Child	Mother	my not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	that not know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think she might have I think she might have sore ears	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you were good all night long	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'd be able to eat it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's eating you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where she is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think the sun 's shining	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think not	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think the Mummy may have gone home pet	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you do a lot of spills but I do n't think you did this one	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	she	she	33	Mother	Mother	she thinks it 's real	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think would it hurt her	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	you do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think the big one 's called Dip	no no	8	2	self	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 's a bit big for that castle	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've got to be very very naughty for him to smack you on the bottom	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you know what that is Ruth	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think I should go out the door	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think I 'm a bit big	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think she should go away too	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought I was having a rest	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think the sun 's shining	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the sheep 'd eat the cow up	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think he would eat them up	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	yeah but you do n't know how to play hide and seek	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Mother	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	well I think I 'm going to wash your hair	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	oh look do you know what those are	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	Carl	Carl	22	Mother	Target_Child	does Carl know where it goes	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think that one goes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll do Percy as well but can you remember the helicopter 's name	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember the helicopter 's helicopter 's name	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	now where do you think the wheels go	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what color I 'd call that one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 've just been boasting that you know all your colors	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's going to work	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	well it 's purple really I think	no it 's not	7	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's well and truly on your foot	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know you 're throwing it down but are you going to pick it up	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	well you can try it but I think it 'll all fall down	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I know	no what were they doing those animals	2	7	declarative	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's spos ta be a tomato though	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think Tiggy wants to sit on your back	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	29	Mother	Mother	Mummy knew that was going to happen	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were putting them away	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you know who that is	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it an aeroplane do you think	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted a poo	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought this was the carwash	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think that other wheel 's going to go Carl	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that train 'll fit under there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so either	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked it at Nana and Granddad 's	no no no no no	10	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'll stay up there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think he is too big	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you not think it 's big enough now	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	how many blocks do you think you 'll need	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we washed your face	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were just going to tell me where you went yesterday	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 'll fit on that one	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said toes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were coming to get the monkey	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	is the elephant going to go underneath do you think	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think the cow 's not going to get up again now	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's got enough now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a ladybird	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		has	have	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think Spot 's decided it 's hers now has n't she	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Daddys	Daddy	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I suppose Daddys know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	Liz	Liz	24	Target_Child	Mother	Liz does n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what noise they make actually	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think that might be a piece of bread you know	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think I might put a person in now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think pennys for Anna no	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	a puppet known as Tiny Tim was very	no	8	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were talking about the slippers	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you know what my memory 's like	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	no you know that you only draw on paper	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I thought you were going shopping	no	6	1	declarative	question	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether Leah 'll go	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	um I think it 's a pear	no it 's not pear	7	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that one comes off sweetheart	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're lying on him now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh it 's getting a bit wobbly now I think	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	well do you think it 'll stay up if you put that one on top of there	no	17	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	happy and you know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'll go through them or will he crash	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was gon ta fall down	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where some more grapes are	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that might be right	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think he goes on there does n't he	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	you know eensie weensie spider climbed up the cloud	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't think I 've seen the onion before either	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester CHI	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	22	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they come off do they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	think panda should be in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think I can do it either but	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	23	Investigator	Mother	he thought that was the hat	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I know what 's gon ta happen when it 's time to put it away then	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	always thinking about your tummy are n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	you know if you do n't behave	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Investigator	Target_Child	think so	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you know if you hit your sister with that train I will smack you very hard	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't think you 'd mind if I played with Edward	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	cars downstairs I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	do n't think it is a hat	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I think blue	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I do n't think I 've wound him up enough	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	because you know I let you get off a bit better	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think your sister 'll like Pooh Bear	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	in fact I do n't think you 've ever had one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you 'd have got the car out by now	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought they might go to the harbor again	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think Daddy could eat two wagon loads of chips	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Mother	think he 's gon ta fall over	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	thought you might fancy a change	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'd like the octopus	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I think Mummy bought it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	do you think the giraffe 'll fit	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	think Edward ca n't	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we all know that you know what that is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	self	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	because I could n't find it this morning so I do n't think you 'll be able to find it	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it needs to be a bit bigger	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think Caroline do n't need train	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		is	be	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I know it is	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think that one not broke	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	think I did n't	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where it	no	6	1	self	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think train do n't wan na come on there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think I have some sweets and toys now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think I do n't eat pepper	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	think it not	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	you were playing with the basket so I thought I 'd put them in there	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I think think I do n't know	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	think Nina wants that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know what it is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he wants to eat the string	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were a boy	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	um do n't you think you 've got enough cars out	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think we 've got enough things on the floor	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know where that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I knew you were gon ta be	no	7	1	self	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think it 's got any wheels on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know we need ta	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	cars do n't go on tracks like that you know	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think you need ta move it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I know he 's gon ta get a smacked bottom	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we thought it was a plane but it was n't was it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what Daddy thinks I do	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think you should be doing her some pizza	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you oughta get Morag a drink now she 's had her pizza	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think we got there did n't we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	25	Investigator	Mother	do n't think there 's any animals left now is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know if there 's room for him now	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think Panda 's got any clothes on	no she has n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we can do that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you know when you grow up to be a lady is that all your children are ever going to eat pie	no	21	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember what it was called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I think your brain 's going that fast	no no no no	8	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you know your colors do n't you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	because you do n't know what it is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you 'll be able to	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Mother	do n't think that 's quite the right order	no	9	1	declarative	question	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that one is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	do n't think there is a crocodile here Nicole	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I thought she might like a bath with you	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you 're allowed to take your dress off Nicole	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	what do you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that one is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think that one 's a crayon	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't know her name do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could do Caroline 's job	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I can I dress this dolly because I think she 's very cold	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Mother	do n't think there 's room for the teddy+bear	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know how you can eat that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	the quicker you come through the better I think	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	what will you do at play+group do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have crisps at play+group do you think	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll do anything else	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	it	it	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it will	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd like some one another cake out of um	no no no	13	3	trail	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they do come open	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	Nicole do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	will	will	we	we	30	Father	Target_Child	do n't take the wrapper off otherwise we 'll not know what 's in it will we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I thought we were going to sort the food out	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I thought you were going to make the table for Ron and Linette	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	if I know what I 've been smacked for I can I can cope with it	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 'll be cooked now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's cooked already	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	think that 's it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you know any other song	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	can	can	you	you	31	Investigator	Mother	you ca n't remember can you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	I think you do	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 're going to be a gymnast	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	do n't think it 's going to stop actually	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think they 're twins	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Laura went on a Thursday	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know they 're nearly ripped already but	no	8	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't know when Auntie_Lily 's coming	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	have	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've met Noddy before have you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	do n't you know anything	no	5	1	question	question	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	do you know who I am	no	6	1	question	question	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	that 's how I know that one says eight o'clock and that one says ten o'clock	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		ca	can	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you know you ca n't	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Mother	I think you should beep the horn	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we oughta take a hat on holiday	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll need a dress on holiday	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think we oughta get off do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's enough do n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know if you just put it flat it slots in	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	if you look in here I think you can find them some food	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	Nicole	Nicole	34	Target_Child	Mother	Nicole do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I know you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought these were toes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're tired	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know if you did if you rolled that out you	no	11	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think you just feel sick because you 're so hungry	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're getting too big for this toy	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you you 're getting too big a girl for that toy	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		's	be	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I know it 's	no	4	1	self	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we have any fish	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think when we 've finished this you 'd best go to bed and have a lie down if you 're not very well	no	24	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	think you could do another wee wee for me	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	one	one	36	Mother	Mother	do n't know that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I do n't know whether this can or not	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think that big horse is asleep Anne	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we better throw them in here	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you drink out of it that way very easily can you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I know somebody who likes to eat mushrooms	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't remember how to make a castle	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll go and play badminton	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think she banged her head	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think your cover might be a bit big	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was bedtime	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's Grandma	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's in the kitchen	no it is n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	he wants to know what you want for your tea	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a bit dark	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this one 's hungry	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think he might like to eat you up for his dinner	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think he might like to eat your dancing bear up	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think she wants some clothes on	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we were putting her pretty dress on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's enough picnic is n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what the ear+rings have made you think about have n't they	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think that is the Mummy goat is n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'll need ta have a bath	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I just thought we could perhaps tidy up the Duplo perhaps	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you think he should be playing with the television	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what baby cows are called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's Cruella de Ville on the phone	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think she 's a bit little	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought there was a little tiny baby one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	do you think I 'd better get up and shake in case they 're underneath me	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	think she 's got quite enough blankets now do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	she thinks you 're funny	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I might draw	no no	5	2	interruption	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I think she 'd like to see that	no	8	1	declarative	question	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think this duck 's gon ta come and get your toes	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	do you think she 'll be pleased	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	would he be better off sitting on a cow do you think	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this soup 's got lump lumps in it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	think that 's big enough for the penguin to walk under	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	think she 's going to look a bit bundled up	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that you did	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I think Anne starts with Clever Cat	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'll be able to do that in a little while when we 've played with ours for a bit	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was your turn	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	I thought that was my coffee	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted a cup of tea	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think that chair 's not got any legs	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think ducks wear wellys	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	think that 's Pooh Bear	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought her Mummy was the other girl with the ponytail	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought she did	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I thought that was a good place for a shop	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where the other rainbow teddy is	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that one will fit my Rainbow teddy	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it must be morning time now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 've already eaten it all up	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	think it was the reindeer	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was an egg	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	they	they	31	Mother	Target_Child	babys do n't know any better do they	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	perhaps we can clean that one up do you think	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	they	they	32	Mother	Mother	do they think eat it off plates	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think I need ta look in your ears	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's in that one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	if you wan na play with the toys I think you need ta put your dungarees back on	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll have that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you think what you wan na do	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we need any new windows	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's making her cry you combing it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'll hurt himself	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where Daddy 's gone today	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know Pat the Cat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know Pat the Cat	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought they 'd gone to bed	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	they think it 's me Anne	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	think I will have an apple	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	think Mommy should give you some real medicine	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who all those people are	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	remember you had a birthday party for Lily yesterday	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	nobody we know has one of these	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it 'll fit	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	no I do n't think he 'll fit	no I 'm almost positive	8	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you 're all done	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Father	remember this one	no I do n't remember it	3	6	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Mother	did you know all about vehicles before	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should get it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Shannon 's coming pretty soon	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you know where the other truck is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think he 's whispering	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's gon ta pick up that bus	no	11	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	remember crane was there next to Mr Rabbit	no I do n't remember it	8	6	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think he 's under the table	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	yeah I do n't think we have a baby here that fits in that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's home yet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you remember on your birthday who came over to visit on your birthday	no he was n't here	14	5	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Target_Child	Mother	you know all their names	no	5	1	question	interruption	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I know who they are already	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you need different batteries in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a dog	no I think it 's a wolf	7	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think he can fit do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I think there 's stuff you do n't wan na touch in there	no that 's	13	3	declarative	trail	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think that 's a good thing to bang on	no it 's not	12	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Mother	I know	no really a lot of those books are like that	2	10	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Mother	I think I 'll move this over here	no that 's for my coffee	8	6	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	they	they	29	Mother	Mother	they know dinner 's over	no we 're not gon ta have today	5	8	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know twinkle twinkle	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're for you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	think they 're for Daddy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think they I do n't think they fits	no I do n't think so either	11	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know he did n't want it on but did you watch it while it was on	no	17	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know she 's just a baby	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a briefcase	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	then you better offer her a different truck I think	no I want that truck and I want this truck	10	10	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	well I think because sometimes you know when we go to a house there 's two children like you and Andreas	no	21	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	Child do you think anything opens up there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	well what do you think	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	it looks like a sheep but I think it 's called a puddle do a poodle dog	no it 's not	17	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think all your books are out here	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Adult	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've had those have we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Adult	Target_Child	wow remember when we made cakes on Friday for Daniel	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Adult	Target_Child	you think the rabbit might eat the tree	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Adult	Target_Child	is do you think the giraffe is faster than the cow	no	11	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I thought it was a squirrel	no it 's a badger is it	6	7	declarative	question	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it might melt	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that cow will look after them	no	9	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Adult	Target_Child	you think	no	2	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Adult	Target_Child	do you remember what they 're called	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Adult	Target_Child	remember last time we came back	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's an elephant	no it 's a monkey	6	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you do you think the dog would like something to eat	no	12	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're a bit tired are n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's strawberry	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I know can I have an aeroplane instead	no but you can have the car	8	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Target_Child	did n't know his head come down	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know the ice cream man	no he 's was an ice cream man now	6	9	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think this little dog here would like this breakfast	no he you are having it	11	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	can you remember another time when we went on a merry+go+round	no	11	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you find those in a zoo	no	9	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	can you think of some names for those dogs	no	9	1	question	question	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think either of these doggies look like Hamlet	no I wan na call him Hamlet	11	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think they like meat do n't they	no that 's ham	8	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd like some ham	no that ham does n't made out of meat	8	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think doggies like ice cream	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I know can you switch this on for me	no I 'm not going to	9	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think those go in the box	no they not	7	3	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	mm do you know what this says	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I do n't think the lid comes off that one	no look I think probably off that one	10	8	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think you 're going to stay today	no you no you remember me going today	10	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	hhh I thi I think you 're too big for that chair	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know we can play there	no here	8	2	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Mother	ca n't remember what you were	no ca n't	6	3	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what we did yesterday	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this one is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	these are things you do n't know	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you think he is allowed in the bed room	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a Pringle	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	do you know what it 's going to be yet	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I think I can bring it home	no these toys belong to the university so we haf ta	7	11	declarative	trail	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's an office or something like that	no this is the office	10	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	it	it	37	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it will	no it does n't it 's only a pretend one	6	10	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	you think we did n't	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's where it goes like that	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Lee_H	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 're right	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Lee_H	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's a duck as well Matthew	no	10	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_B	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 've done it before	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think he should be nearer his mummie	no	10	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it goes there look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Daniel_C	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know where that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Nicola_L	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	61	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it 's asleep	no it 's awake with his eyes open	6	8	question	declarative	Fletcher Rebecca	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought that was an ice+cream	no has n't got a cornet has it	6	8	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Investigator	Target_Child	I think they 'll be very heavy for her to carry do n't you	no I think she 'll go in with that one	14	10	question	declarative	Fletcher Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no yes I do know	4	5	question	declarative	Fletcher Michael_H	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 've done this before have n't you	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Claire_H	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe he 's just holding it thinking about	no	8	1	trail	declarative	Fletcher Claire_K	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what tiger says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gavin_P	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember the last one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Michael_D	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what we 're going to do	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Martin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	60	Target_Child	Target_Child	do you think he 'll go in there	no he could fit	8	4	question	trail	Fletcher Martin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	60	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think pigs eat trees	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Martin	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	60	Investigator	Target_Child	I think captain Jones is now flying away	no he 's not	8	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Paul_X	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think she 's gon ta get it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Thomas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_C	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Jennifer_B	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think we 've had that one	no we have n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Jennifer_B	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	ca n't you remember them	no	5	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Garreth_L	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I 'm just trying to get rid of this stuff off the counter that I know you do n't want	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	I think you needed it	no	5	1	declarative	question	Brent Dillon	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	12	Mother	Mother	you know how to say ball	no	6	1	question	question	Brent Brooklyn	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	12	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Brooklyn	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	we	we	12	Mother	Mother	we thought he had gone on vacation	no this is the one that squeaks	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	I do n't think chewing on a rock is so good for your teeth sweet	no do n't chew on the rock	15	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	well I just do n't think it 's very nice	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you know what that mean too do n't you	no you get over	9	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Brent Jaylen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	13	Mother	Mother	you think so	no you ca n't have it	3	6	question	declarative	Brent Jacob_Abernathy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	think	no that 's changing channels	1	5	question	declarative	Brent Jacob_Abernathy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	I think we 're gon ta put this up now	no it 's time to put that up	10	8	declarative	declarative	Brent Tabitha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	what do you think	no you wo n't let me	4	6	question	question	Brent Henry	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I did n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Maggie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I think you 're finished with your plate	no	8	1	declarative	question	Brent Maggie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I know it 's a no no	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Vas_Coleman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	I know he ai n't take her downstairs and she just ate up all my food	no he gotta get the car	16	6	declarative	declarative	Brent Vas_Coleman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you think you can have that Nana to yourself	no no	9	2	question	declarative	Brent Vas_Coleman	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you know what we 're going to do this afternoon Emmy	no	11	1	question	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Target_Child	Mother	you know what stay in here	no honey Mommy 's going to go out but you can have your book in here	6	16	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know how to whisper	no I do n't know how to whisper	7	8	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	I think you are pretty tired hon	no see my eyes are not closed	7	7	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	what do you think Matty	no he does n't eat the worm who eats worms do you know	5	13	question	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to walk	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	do you remember what you made out of the snow	no you do n't remember snowman	10	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you already know how to walk	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you think that goes right there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	okay we 've got to try to think of something that you wan na play with because you said that you do n't wan na play our game you already did a puzzle and the vacuum is too loud so	no wear it	40	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a messy room	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's a messy room	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	so I 'm trying to think	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	did	do	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	what if they did not know what if they were locked and they said oh is this the place to dump those bricks	no	23	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I was wondering if maybe you wanted a little ramp or a little slide and then the truck could slide down on it what do you think of that	no eh eh	29	3	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think about putting these under the bed again	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know Ericka I do n't think knows that useta me a twinkle star do you still go to school	no	20	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	hm do you remember	no it 's all fixed	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Cody can fix that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see I do not know what that is do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you remember what this is called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember who you were for Halloween last year	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Ryan 's really gon ta take those home for real	no	13	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	he looks kind of mean though do you think maybe he was kind of a mean dinosaur	no he 's a plant eater	17	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember any sad parts in the movie	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	there were a whole bunch of things like I do n't remember this guy from Harry Potter do you	no	19	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I know is he is he stuck now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember what they were	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	remember where is the place that they gotta try to go	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Mother	Mother	I do n't remember that	no do n't do that that 's gross	5	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you think he 's gon ta flip over this time	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know that guy 's name	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the cat likes having his tail pulled	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when he changed his name	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Grandpa Dale can hear you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you know there were people in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he likes it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I will be buying this	no you haf ta choose it in the pet store	7	10	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Target_Child	Target_Child	ah I do n't know	no I do n't see any for you	5	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'm gon ta eat you	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	should I have will he run away do you think	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what Nancy said Boo	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember about what you and Daddy are gon ta do	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I really do n't know what that 's spos ta be	no we have a	11	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember where that was	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you were trying to trick me	no how many boys do you think is in here	8	10	declarative	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	and then I think we 're probably actually gon ta go	no no I wan na do this whole book	11	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should play a different game after this one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember if you have one or not	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	remember moss you guys made that thing with the green moss on the plates	no but they let me make a new one	14	9	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	49	Target_Child	Mother	you did n't know sheep would eat those	no I did n't know	8	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	oh wait wait wait I just thought of something are they gon ta eat them	no	15	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	okay do I need anything else you think to help take care of him	no um when you use up all those things next time you come I 'll ring up all these dinosaurs	14	20	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	cool that reminds me of something that you made at your school do you remember	no	15	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Mother	I 'm not quite sure do you remember the name of it	no	12	1	question	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	I just wanted to tell you though tell me what you think about this I really wan na go to Splash Lagoon so I 'm thinking maybe you guys should n't go because I ca n't go with	no we 're gon ta go	38	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale have been before where we have also been	no	17	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	a little bit do you remember that time	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	it would work in here but then it would you know get the lab all wet	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you know Matty we haf ta write our Christmas list soon for Grandma and Grandpa and Santa and stuff like that	no I already did one for Santa	21	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I think our tape 's gon ta be over soon	no we 've been almost talking the whole time	10	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought dinosaurs slept in beds	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	what do you remember did Daddy tell you what we 're gon ta go do tonight	no	16	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	so I was thinking about hm well do you know about our what we 're gon ta do on our trip Matty	no	22	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Mother	what do you think he turn into at the end	no he kind of disappears there right	10	7	question	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	and do you remember the other thing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but this is fine because I think I only wan na buy one anyway	no you can buy all I want you to buy all	15	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	he	he	55	Mother	Target_Child	he did n't think it was deer that ate the tree	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's called Land Before Time	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the aquarium is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	and you know do you make the pizza 's are they cooked inside the parlor	no	15	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Mother	yeah do you remember anything about him	no I do n't really know too much except he was the first president	7	14	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	but remember right before we went to the first mall you were not feeling well remember what you said to me	no	21	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you told me actually something that happened one day when I was at work because daddy has been off work all week so you stayed home with daddy on Monday and then there was something that happened in terms of your not feeling well do you remember that	no	48	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember why mommy and daddy do n't really like the president	no	13	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	so what do you think about being a president of the whole country and being in charge of the whole country what do you do you wan na do that maybe when you get older	no	35	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	did	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	so I asked you before about Dawson getting into trouble today but said you could n't remember what he did huh	no	21	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Mother	do you know how to swim	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you helped your daddy do something on the weekend you did a good job do you remember what you were helping daddy do recently	no	24	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	and then when we left you got a little present do you remember what that was	no	16	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	remember what was in those those little won tons those things that you had on your plate and we did not tell you until afterwards of what you ate do you remember	no	32	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what it 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	who 's that do you know who that is spos ta be	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	they can get dirty right can you think of anything else	no they can get ruined	11	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you know do the pizzas are they cooked inside the parlor	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	and then that part was cool and then try to think about what else was interesting about that dinosaur museum do you remember anything else that was kind of cool in there	no	32	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	actually Matty do you remember what was in this when we bought it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it was something like there was a lion and it turned into a snake	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no I feel like if you are going to be here you need ta try to do a good job and talk like you always do about the same things	4	30	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	60	Target_Child	Mother	do you think I can have all this money	no you ca n't have all this money in fact I 'm regretting that I let you use it because now you keep thinking about it	9	26	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	yes and how do you know do you just walk right up and put it right on there that does n't sound very hard	no	24	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you think it does n't work	no I think it does not it does not work	6	10	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think he can stand on his head	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	you	you	34	Investigator	Mother	you thought there was gon ta be a brother right	no no we thought it was gon ta be a girl	10	11	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	yeah how do you know we did n't see a daddy bird	no a daddy crab I mean	12	6	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	Emily do you remember	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought Mommy said Cassandra moved	no she did n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought Gummy Bears were really chewy	no they 're not	7	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think Mommy helped you a few times	no she did n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Grandmother	Target_Child	but know when to say when	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what wine is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	oh we broke that hitting the pinata do you remember	no we hit the pinata like	10	6	question	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	no I thought you were playing with toys	no I want Barney come here Barney	8	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	a person you do n't remember	no I do n't remember	6	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	Roman look at me what did you do today do you remember	no I do n't remember	12	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	you could n't eat remember	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I think so	no you does n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Student	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	you think it 's night time	no I do n't think it 's night time	6	9	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's night time	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Father	do you want them think no they ca n't go in here	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	they	they	40	Investigator	Target_Child	they they did n't think it was funny	no so they did n't laugh at me	8	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Father	Target_Child	I think that 's right	no that 's a snail but see that 's a snail	5	11	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you know how many legs an octopus has	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Father	Target_Child	I know what he has he has antennae	no he 's not a antennae	8	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Father	Target_Child	I think we 're done with the chalk+board do n't you	no I 'm not done with it but I 'm done really really but Dad I 'm gon ta but Daddy I 'm gon ta save it but I know how to	11	32	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	do you think a fish would swim to a jellyfish or swim away from a jellyfish	no ah get that one and that goes to go get it	16	12	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	you know a lot about the ocean Roman ready to erase	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what we do n't need that because spiders have eight legs	no they do n't no they do n't	13	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	you know what Roman this is my friend	no no he 's my friend	8	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I do n't know	no he 's in de pocket again	4	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	yes you do n't remember	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Investigator	Target_Child	what are they doing do you know who these guys are	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	47	Father	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Investigator	Target_Child	no I think we 're gon ta stay down here now okay	no I want okay I just haf ta get de tape player down can you help me	12	17	question	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	oh you do n't remember huh Roman	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	well you know what because we ca n't put the tape on right now with the equipment on	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	you did n't know that that 's what you do	no we 're not making a tape	10	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	because you know what the other option is Roman the other option is to take the sticker away	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think we 're gon ta haf ta do that	no no Mommy	11	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	yeah you know what your gon ta lose a sticker	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	because I think you 've exhausted all the possibilities here	no no no I haf ta still play it	10	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the shark is happy	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember where we went	no tell me then	6	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	the spiders gon ta say hey I thought we were friends	no it 's not it gon ta say	11	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you know what I think that scorpions have four pairs of legs	no they	12	2	declarative	trail	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	um I do n't think we saw a cobra	no we did n't very good	9	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was a spider	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	we drove in the car right do you remember what we did this weekend	no	14	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what kind of dinosaur that is	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember what you were doing at home when we got back from the store last night	no	19	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I think we might 've thrown it out	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	is n't it fun to think about summertime	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	okay I think we 're gon ta haf ta say turn it off	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	remember that story with the little boy with round glasses	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	remember all that	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember how he died	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	um hm I met her last time do you remember	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Father	Target_Child	remember you went to Kya 's birthday party	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember we went to the park	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Father	Target_Child	you remember what happened to your eye	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Father	Father	do you know how to do that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember huh	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Father	Target_Child	know what state	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	55	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember all the animals	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	well do you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	55	Father	Target_Child	he does n't know that he 's not convinced of that	no	11	1	declarative	question	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	he	he	55	Father	Target_Child	he does n't eat potatoes and he does n't he thinks they 're different than like french fries	no but I like french fries	18	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Father	Target_Child	remember Brianna 's birthday party	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	um hm do you know what makes him mad	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that 's when the smoke alarm went off when mommy was cooking	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know it 's summer now so I guess are you gon ta get put our winter clothes away	no	19	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	do n't you think it would be nice to share	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you know I do n't think turtles say ribbit	no they do say ribbit	9	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you think we should make up a story for Jessica	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no I my throat is n't hurting	4	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think she gets dizzy when she	no she can sit next to this person	7	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I think we can do that today	no not today	7	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you remember I bet	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think	no there 's lip doctors	3	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's go this I think the lip doctor 's this way	no it 's this way	12	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	hey I think I have the chicken pox	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	I heard all of that coughing from upstairs I thought that was Toddler Barney	no it was Emma	14	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think you live around here do you	no I do	10	3	question	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	but it 's really hurting Bert do n't you think it would be better if we cut it off	no he only even hurt	19	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Target_Child	Father	I think Scar	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought you were my pets	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Father	Target_Child	I do n't know maybe he does n't feel so good	no he no he does feel good	11	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Investigator	Target_Child	hm I think this one	no that one	5	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	49	Father	Target_Child	do you remember what month your birthday 's in	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Target_Child	yeah remember your party	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how that happened though	no I do n't know	7	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Investigator	Target_Child	hotdogs and what else do you remember	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	where do you think where do you think daddy got them	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you think they were eating ice cream in there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	do you think he 's gon ta like that	no you do n't think so	9	6	question	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	do you think they 're gone forever	no	7	1	question	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the dinosaur likes the bread with the crusts on	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't know if I agree that that 's where the poopie 's home is	no	17	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know if she 'll fit on there	no she 's small	10	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	no I do n't think it 's pink either	no	9	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know this does n't look like outside	no	10	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		'll	will	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I 'll never know what it is hm	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they were nice to Cinderella	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't think that 's his skin	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	you know	no Jilly this is n't the type of book that has a story it 's the type of book that that we ask questions and then you answer them	2	29	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	do you think they really talked	no	6	1	question	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	think I will	no here here think I will	3	6	declarative	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	do you know him	no not your high school teacher	4	6	question	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	18	Sister	Father	Daddy do you know what I did	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Sister	Father	you know the paper that comes after breakfast	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you do n't think it should be a deep green	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	19	Mother	Target_Child	I think it should be a cool color because it 's such a warm room	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	19	Sister	Mother	do you think Ewww is gentler than Swww	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Sister	Father	that 's who I thought	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Sister	Mother	remember you said when a	no	5	1	interruption	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Sister	Mother	you know what I like the really the best	no	9	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Sister	Mother	you know what Ewww 's dog 's name now	no	9	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		're	be	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I think you 're	no	4	1	trail	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	27	Mother	Father	I did n't think that was gon ta be a big controversy over the bagel	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Jwww 's right	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Target_Child	Father	you know there any pumpkins	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		get	get	I	I	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know I get I get	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Father	Mother	you never know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	do you know who got paper	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	wan na know what Awww says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		should	should	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	and do n't you guys should know how to make napkins with paper airplanes	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Rwww cares	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	just make it the way you think it feels right	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know what	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	but Daddy I think if it 's not cooked	no pay him	9	3	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you know the baby said vagina	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	39	Target_Child	Mother	but he does n't know is them	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	39	Target_Child	Father	he does n't know what we 're talking about	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Father	you know that cigarettes are really not good for you Jwww	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know how to	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what this has done calls people cock a baby	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Sister	Target_Child	so think when you were spos ta get off and then go somewhere else you know that	no	17	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Mother	Mother	no I do n't think you can jump in	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Sister	Target_Child	Lwww do you know how to turn the rope	no I 'm not	9	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll Jwww group	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		've	have	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	well maybe later on you 'll go on a walk or trip after you 've known her a while	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that caterpillar 's like cream+cheese	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	do you know how we say okay	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	and do you know how we say more milk please	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that would stop your habit to hear how terrible it sounds	no	14	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Target_Child	Father	do you know what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Target_Child	Mother	and do you know what they call Pwww	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think it stays the same amount	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're just looking at my bathrobe	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I think my car seat doing it	no your car seat does n't make noise	7	8	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	I think doggie doing it	no it 's a horn	5	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	know what my gink	no I do n't know what you drank	4	8	question	question	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	know what Deedee say	no what did Deedee say	4	5	question	question	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	know what Peanut does	no what does Peanuts do	4	5	question	question	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	know what Paige did	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	know what I did Mom	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	know what Eugene did puppy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Mom	mom	25	Target_Child	Mother	Mom know what I made	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	know what	no	2	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Target_Child	Mother	do you know Nina 's there	no I really did n't know Nina 's there	6	9	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Father	know what happened Dad	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	know what I call that muffin when I baby	no	9	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	do you know what happened to Blakey	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	I 'll be right back know where I 'm going	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think I hear her meowing	no that 's Peanuts	6	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Father	know what Katie did	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	no I do n't know what that is	no the doctor took my tonsils out	8	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy you know what died at my school	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Adult	Target_Child	I think we should have two cakes	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Amy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Adult	Target_Child	here is a stove you think we might need that	no	10	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Amy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Adult	Target_Child	I think she was crying because you were sitting on her	no she was just laying here	11	6	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Adult	Target_Child	think they 're all gon ta fit back in there	no	10	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Adult	Target_Child	think we 're gon ta knock them down again	no	9	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Adult	Target_Child	I thought you were the son	no I 'm the father	6	5	question	declarative	VanKleeck Graham	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Adult	Target_Child	do you think you know	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Graham	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Adult	Target_Child	I think we 'll put this chair in the bath+room	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Adult	Target_Child	do you know what you 're gon ta get for christmas	no	11	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Adult	Target_Child	do you think you oughta call the teacher and tell her she is n't coming to school	no she 's at school already	17	6	question	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	she	she	44	Adult	Target_Child	poor baby she does n't know much does she	no	9	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Adult	Target_Child	hey do you know anything about dinosaurs	no I go to a museum	7	6	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Justin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	yeah I think this is her hat	no I think this is her sock	7	7	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	this is gon ta be the cake I thought	no this is gon ta be the cake	9	8	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	47	Adult	Target_Child	do you think you know	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	I think that 's a towel	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Adult	Target_Child	oh I know where it is	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Adult	Target_Child	you know what story this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Adult	Target_Child	ah I do n't know which that looks like another mother bear	no that 's a sister bear	12	6	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	42	Adult	Target_Child	do you remember what happens when they sat down to eat porridge	no	12	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	42	Adult	Target_Child	well I do n't think there 's enough to make a house do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	I think it 's broken	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Adult	Target_Child	do you know what it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	I think you could play with the play+dough a bit if you want	no nothing else I do n't wan na play with	13	10	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Adult	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Adult	Target_Child	I think it 's another bath+tub	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Adult	Target_Child	do you know anything about dinosaurs	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Adult	Target_Child	I thought Santa was gon ta bring that	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Adult	Target_Child	I thought you were gon ta do it	no you	8	2	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Shea	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	17	Mother	Target_Child	see anything here you know	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Mother	Mother	and I know that you know that	no it 's not a ball	7	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	21	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you know about money very much	no	10	1	declarative	question	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 'd know what a compass is	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what those are called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think money goes in the refrigerator	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a child who plays with all these things	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	does that look like somebody you know	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think raccoons play with the cats	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't know about zebras	no they do n't have zebras at farms usually	7	9	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you know what these are	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could put that on your hands	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we could fly this in the air	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's somebody driving this car	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no no no no no	4	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this kind of car needs batteries	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	should do you think we should put the money in the refrigerator	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these guys are called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think maybe maybe any of your friends Count might know about aardvarks	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	what do you know what dolphins can learn how to do	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what those are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think a	no	3	1	trail	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	so do you know what they eat when they do n't have bread	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	out playing in the mud do you think	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think maybe the mule ka kicked him	no these are donkeys	8	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	kids on the bus go up and down up and down remember that one	no	14	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you know this kind of truck	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they do	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	did you know that	no	4	1	question	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember at home	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think little boys could bake cookies if they wanted to	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think these trees are for	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what she 's holding in her hand	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what she 's doing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think this this little boy is gon ta do	no I do n't know	12	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a cheerleader is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	anybody else you know like to play with trucks	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	hey Firstname do you know what this is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what the person who paints a house is called	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	who do we know who 's a ballet dancer	no I do n't know	9	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think his daddy did	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think his mommy did	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think his grandma taught him how to knit	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think girls can play hopscotch	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think Firstname would have fun	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a seamstress is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	who do you know that plays football	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's spos ta be a truck I think	no it 's a car	9	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's gon ta win his race	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na know how the story ends	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you think that 's a ladder for somebody to climb up	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's going to use tape	no he use that	9	4	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you know how to fix a bike	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you can dance very nicely	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	does she know how yet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	but you do n't think you can Firstname drive a truck	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that a dog could be a sailor	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that you could deliver newspapers	no not yet	8	3	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you think she 's going to take nap	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's the baby 's mommy	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's just dirt	no it 's a little scrape	6	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're on the way they should be	no I do n't think so	11	6	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a seamstress is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	we we do n't have very much more to read so can you tell me what you think	no	18	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what 's going on in that picture	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think all you need is this wrench	no mom you 're no you 're supposed to you 're posed to um um um slam slam it on the side of the bike	8	25	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a seamstress is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you think boys can be cheerleaders	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the girl who works at the pet store could paint a house	no	15	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	51	Mother	Mother	did you know that	no	4	1	question	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Mother	you do n't think boys are ballet dancers	no	8	1	question	question	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	59	Mother	Mother	do you think she can	no	5	1	question	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Mother	what do you think is wrong with the bike	no	9	1	question	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	it ah I think I think it says who can chop down trees	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what aerobics are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that girl 's doing	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we went for that walk in the woods	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	number you know what number that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's okay	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 'll be safe for him to stand on that	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a seamstress is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Mother	do you know anybody else who can sew	no	8	1	question	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what aerobics is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	can you think of anybody who cou ca n't do aerobics	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Firstname could grow up to be a ballet dancer	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	how well do you remember putting a beanie baby in the truck	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	but did you know in some places that the that kids deliver the newspapers	no	14	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember if there were any boys there too	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that you could feed a baby	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		could	could	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Firstname could	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think if we had a friend who had a race car do you think we could be a race car driver	no	23	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		could	could	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what do you need kleenex	no it 's just up way up my nose	8	9	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you think boys play ballerina or play princess	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	think girls would n't like that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what aerobics are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	72	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no not anymore aerobics	2	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any ballet dancers	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	did you know there 's a race track near where we live	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what the difference between sewing and seamstress are	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	do you know anybody else that sews clothes	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's coffee I know	no it 's not coffee Babe	5	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Jennifer	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Father	Father	what does this top look like you think	no not there	8	3	question	declarative	Morisset Trene	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	know	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Candice	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we can fit the balloon in the barn	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he has big eyes	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	okay I can think it goes on the bottom shelf	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	his feet hurt you think	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think they were big dogs do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	they	they	25	Mother	Target_Child	no I think the slacks go on the bottom do n't they	no	12	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's just a llama	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I think I would like one of Mrs Wood 's doggies	no	11	1	declarative	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the mouse would like some tea	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	do you think in the bath+room	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they would like to go for a ride on the wagon	no	14	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 'll hurt them	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	think it 'll fit now	no I do n't think it will	5	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think he 'll fall off	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	he never had any shoes on I do n't think	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	so I think we better put suspenders on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'll grow green beans	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	and do you think they will grow tomatoes	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think this girl is gon ta cry	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think she 's gon ta cry	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if Miriam let them out	no she let the goats out but not the not the horses	9	12	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think two cookies is enough do n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time for me to go to bed	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think everybody in the village is ready to go to sleep now do n't you	no	17	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this animal is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no that is just the entrance to the station	5	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 've packed away most of your dolls have n't we	no we did n't	13	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think they 're all packed away in these boxes to go to your new house	no they are n't	16	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think it 's a piece of lettuce	no it is n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	strawberries you think	no what did we eat with them	3	7	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a fence	no it 's a chimney	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's the real color of a hippopotamus	no	11	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's a wet kiss	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she needs any more Bobby pins	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no I think it 's just pretend	5	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	think it would work	no	4	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think we did see a bat this halloween did we	no we 're going to see a bat on another halloween	14	11	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think they 're going to eat for their picnic	no the butterflies are gon ta get their food	12	9	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a grownup	no it 's a baby	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no it 's not raining now	1	6	trail	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think he might be a fox	no he 's a squirrel	7	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to tie your shoes yet	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to button	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	deers have tails I think	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no what did I wear	3	5	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll wear it	no this little boy	6	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could put your boots on by yourself	no	11	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's where it got left	no my Mommy 's gon ta cut it	8	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	it fits much better do n't you think	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's an alligator	no a lizard	6	3	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Santa Claus went to Miriam and Brian 's house too	no	13	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I think that 's an apple	no that 's a pear	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think your doll would like to see all the things that Santa Claus brought you	no she does n't like Santa Claus	17	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll take her over here	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	Brian and Miriam and everyone are gon ta arrive for breakfast in a few minutes so I think we better put everything away	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a special box of furniture some where	no	12	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'd like to go to the park	no	11	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were going to use them for guitar picks	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you 're talking about	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to unbutton	no you	6	2	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	maybe she would like peppermint tea do you think	no she does n't	9	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where they are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how much I owe you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the lady 's hungry now after her shopping	no she 's hungry	11	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how it works	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that was a crib	no it 's a it 's a little crib	6	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I thought he liked garbage	no he does n't eat garbage	5	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	no you do n't know what that is	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Corey	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I think you 're gon ta break their ear drums	no do n't pull on it	10	6	declarative	declarative	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think so	no really	6	2	declarative	declarative	Tardif Lynette	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that song	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tardif Lynette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what color that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tardif Nora	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	17	Mother	Mother	do you know what that is	no that 's a pot	6	5	question	declarative	Tardif Nicolas	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we did this one yet	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Molly	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the mouse can play the violin	no no no no	9	4	question	declarative	Tardif Melissa	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you think you think it would scare Daddy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tardif Lincoln	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	remember	no there 's nothing in honey	1	6	declarative	declarative	Tardif Jaylyn	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	remember this	no	2	1	question	declarative	Tardif Jaylyn	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Mother	do you know what those are	no those are mushrooms	6	4	question	declarative	Tardif Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	and I think he needs a lot of winding	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Emma	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	teapot remember	no	2	1	question	declarative	Tardif Christine	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know what this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bliss Terra	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	54	Target_Child	Mother	think it does	no I think this goes over here	3	7	question	declarative	Bliss Justin	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	oh did anything happen that you really remember at the zoo	no	11	1	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	no I know you wan na	no it 's not hot	6	5	declarative	declarative	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		could	could	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could could you get me that box	no it 's too heavy	11	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Nathan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		'll	will	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 'll know where it is if you wan na use it later	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	okay I think it 's time these went away	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you think the duck wants to eat the crayon	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Jenessa	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I think you should write with it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Abigail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no she has ta sit in a chair	4	8	question	declarative	NewEngland Abigail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	know what	no	2	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you know what we 're gon ta Liam let 's try to throw the the ball	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no you do n't know	4	5	declarative	question	NewEngland Andrew	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	do you know what that is	No	6	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	I do n't think	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	NewEngland Norman	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the animals are going to eat you all up	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Elena	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you know that	no that 's that 's just the book cover	3	9	question	declarative	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you could make a design for me	no	10	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewEngland David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where 's the bed+room	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I think I know where that one	no	7	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you know you 're not spos ta go in the trash	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think Matthew has the cough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I know where you 're going	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this room	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember it	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Investigator	Mother	remember this	no ca n't touch it	2	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Anne	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you know what kangaroos do	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Mother	or do you think they 're candy	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	no I thought the kitchen would be down here	no it is n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think do you think the beds belong in the kitchen	no	13	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Kate	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Mother	and do you know what rabbits do	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's Lara 's	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're making it up Lara	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you are	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Father	Target_Child	I know it 's yours but Emily can play with it as well	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know why you always wan na read the boring book	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	think daddy must have the page	no mummy ca n't find it	6	6	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Father	Target_Child	I thought you liked cereal	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think this is Happy Now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's bathtime	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's bedtime for you	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think she can make her mind up	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where the spoon is	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's probably a baby toy is n't it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's from your mat	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should put her clothes on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	think it 's in my mummy daddy bedroom	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	think you 'll haf ta go back to the back	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	not I do n't think it 's in that one	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think that 's a toy	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's down here somewhere	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	you think Amy what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think she does Lara	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Father	Mother	I think it 's grown legs	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	do you know who the ones on the other side are	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	perhaps that bit goes in there do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I think that one goes at the end	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Father	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it is is it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	but you know all these	no	5	1	interruption	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll mend Lara	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I I know how to do it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so Lara	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	you haf ta remember where it was	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	32	Mother	Mother	put it back in here the wrong way up so we do n't know where it is	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	after after breakfast think home	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I think this one 's a bit same	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Father	I think you know what that is do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Father	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think what you need is Jess in the van	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think that 's spos ta be the sun	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	know where wicked fairy is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	but I ca n't I do n't think I can take you and Amy with your pram	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should be finishing your breakfast	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	and then after we 've read er the story I think we oughta hoover	no thank you	14	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 've got it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know you amazing too	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any of the babies' names	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	think I 'm gon ta haf ta get Amy	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	try it but I do n't think that 's right	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think there 's something to read	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should say sorry	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I thought we had enough now	no	6	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's Sarah	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think Amy 's got ever such a poorly mouth that you 'll haf ta be a good girl today are n't you	no	23	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	no I think	no	3	1	trail	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you need ta go to bed Lara	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's afternoon now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	do you think that Lara and Amy will be able to remember the pound	no	14	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think he does	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Father	do you think we should tidy up a bit before mummy gets down	no	13	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		getting	get	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	do you think Amy 's getting tired	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think she 's just happy to be downstairs	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they stand up	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Father	I know I 'm going to put it in the bin	no we 're playing with it actually	11	7	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's gon ta rain	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Amy likes it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember before we had Amy	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think she must be next door	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	what 's do you know what his name is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what 's in my eggs	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 've got a green one	no no no no	8	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I think I 'm gon ta have another sandwich	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's on the inside	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's going to rain	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it is called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	they	they	35	Mother	Mother	did they know it was Amy 's	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		ca	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what day comes before Wed before Tuesday	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	do you think that goes in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it	no	5	1	self	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you know where Amy 's shoes have gone	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're going to haf ta put them away if you 're going to do that	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what you want do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		might	might	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I thought you might	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where the North Pole is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Piglet 's going on an expedition	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	or you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Father	I think you 've got them upside down	no	8	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's that nose	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		could	could	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I thought we could we could look at all your books while we put them on	no	16	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I thought we had three pinks	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you not remember her	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	think we need ta cut it up	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I do n't think Georgie will be there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's not a bed but you 're having a sleep are n't you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	do you think we 'll haf ta throw it in the bin	no	12	1	question	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	what do you think	no	4	1	question	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Father	Father	I do n't think there 're any holes in this other foot	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it fits Emily	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		have	have	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think these two have have n't they	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I think she would perhaps like to sit on it or something	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	will	will	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think they 'll tell me off just for watching will they	no	14	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're in a bit of a state	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	think she 's she 's not awake yet	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what they 're playing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	who	who	37	Mother	Target_Child	who knows whose nose	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know either	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's time for mummy and daddy to go and do some work	no	16	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's a bit of the house	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	that was mummy I think	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		haf	have	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	think they haf ta clean up the water from inside as the windows have been open	no	16	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	37	Father	Mother	I think that 's where she got them from	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Father	I do n't think you should kick	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should put them back	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that should be on the first page	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think she 'll talk as much as you do though do you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Mother	you haf ta remember where it is so you can find it again	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	do you think that 's a mummy and a baby	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	do you think they 're mummy and baby	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a frog says	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	she	she	37	Target_Child	Mother	she do n't know which way	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should lie on your bed and pretend you 're in prison	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	do you think your baby 's still hungry	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Mother	do you remember Mike and Leslie that useta live next door	no	11	1	question	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I think he might have gone now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I thought they were coloring in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any of these numbers	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that number is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll steal this	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I think she 's playing with that	no no no no no	7	5	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I think that goes there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	I want find this one I think	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Mother	do n't think so	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you can have any more biscuit	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's the other way	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should sit on the stairs	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll get yours	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I think they 're in the front room are n't they	no	11	1	question	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	grandma	grandma	38	Mother	Mother	perhaps grandma thought it was yours	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'll learn to talk if you talk sillilly	no I 'm not sillilly	12	5	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	how I thought I was Elsie Grandma	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're tired today	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Father	Mother	do you know what Lara 's doing	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that was er	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a fish poo	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should come off you bike	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	are you sitting down I do you think	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I knew you were gon ta fall off sometime	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	do n't you know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	do you know what guns do	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Father	Target_Child	think we need a full brain transplant here	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know where he is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Kaeley	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	14	Mother	Father	I do n't think you get any milk out of the badada	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Father	know about this one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Father	Mother	I think we need you can keep this in here but let 's wan na put a new apple in there	no	21	1	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think he might have a dirty diaper	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Investigator	Mother	he looks like he does n't need much to get him going you know	no he does n't	14	4	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Investigator	Target_Child	know what we 'll do	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that 's Simba is it	no it 's not a lion	7	6	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the sheep would like to be with the horses	no	12	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Mother	do you know Topsy and Tim from storybooks	no you have none of them Courtney	8	7	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought he liked your toys	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think should be in there pills maybe	no that does n't fit in there	10	7	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think you 're going to take my temperature before you give me an injection	no no I 'm not going to give you an injection	16	11	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the other part	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Investigator	Mother	yes because they 're not very distinctive the letters you know	no they 're not	11	4	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember his name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	31	Investigator	Mother	I did n't know all the way through	no it I was n't actually too bad	8	8	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no yeah that 's ladybird	6	5	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know if there is a video of it actually	no I have n't	12	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he had a good night 's sleep	no I think I think him going to go to sleep again with his bunny rabbit	10	16	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think maybe he 's having his breakfast	no that 's food	9	4	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Ben would help her tidy up	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you think his mummie will be pleased now	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	yes okay I think you do like shepherds pie	no I 'm not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's gon ta eat the wee worm	no	11	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think that one goes in there love so it does n't	no	13	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you know twins do n't you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	yes do you remember Rachel	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the could go for a ride on the tiger	no	12	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rhiannon	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no we 're going to change in September	4	8	question	declarative	Belfast Christian	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you think it 's going to fall	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Christian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	he has n't been diagnosed you know with anything	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	she does n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	right did you know what this was for	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think I 've walked into Oatlands about	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	she knows it	no Bianca done it	3	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you do know	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Mother	I 'm sure you do n't haf ta think about him anymore	no	12	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think he 'll be the type to sit down and do jigsaws	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no who do you play with in nursery	4	8	declarative	question	Belfast David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	you kind of just think like it 's like literally just a quick incision	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		would	would	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	the sound the sound is n't you know anything like David would be	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	you know all these engines and what their names are	no I do n't know	10	5	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think it is	no it 's not twenty five minutes	4	7	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know the names of them	no they have no names	7	5	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		'll	will	he	he	46	Mother	Mother	and he 'll remember	no that was n't the way it was	4	8	quotation	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think there is something happens is there not	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to spell blue	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you know blue	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember how to spell it now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think mummie wants it	no I 'm full up	7	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know it	no wait until we finish this	4	6	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I think it is	no there 's the mummie bird see	4	7	declarative	question	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I need an injection to help me	no I need ta put my lipstick on first	9	9	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Investigator	Target_Child	I think that 's Kyle 's pram	no that 's mine	7	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Investigator	Mother	you know it 's not just a wee spot	no it 's not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Mother	do you not think he 's like Peter round the eyes	no	11	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the wee babies are are getting up now	no they 're still sleepy	11	5	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Investigator	Mother	you know you could n't break those if you tried	no they 're good and sturdy like	10	7	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	can you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	do you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know the story of Red Riding Hood	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Mother	do you know what sex it is	no I have n't a clue	7	6	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Investigator	Mother	and you do n't wan na know	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Investigator	Mother	well if you do n't mind I 'd love to keep her on you know as long as maybe even until next June	no that 's fine	23	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Mother	Mother	and I just put them in their cot you know	no I did n't now	10	5	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it was the daddy	no it was the children	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Investigator	Target_Child	I think your daddy wears rollers in his hair	no he does n't	9	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	so do you think the mummie did that	no the babies did it	8	5	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think Mummy 's getting much peace	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Investigator	Mother	you know one of those things you stick candles in to keep food warm	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Investigator	Target_Child	I know you would n't want Santa to get burnt sure you would n't	no	14	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Investigator	Target_Child	I think your Daddy maybe liked them	no my Daddy likes the Rangers	7	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Investigator	Mother	oh I do n't know that one	no there 's a couple of them	7	7	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	because it 's busy enough trying to get organized you know	no honestly you know sure I 'm as long you give me a day in advance	11	16	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	47	Mother	Mother	but I think this next one then is you know	no she 's going to get	10	6	trail	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	do you think it was his granny 's birthday	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	47	Investigator	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you know your underpants is inside out sweetheart	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know him	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Mother	and I thought	no that 's the way they have Matthew	3	8	quotation	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Mother	and I thought	no he needs that	3	4	quotation	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Investigator	Mother	och sometimes I know	no and he came over to me crying	4	8	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you know where we were last year	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	know what he probably seen	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	no you do n't know where e he is	no do n't know where	9	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you know how to swallow do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know where Dennis The Menace is from	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Investigator	Target_Child	not know him	no	3	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	not	can	can	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	can you not remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	can	can	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	you ca n't remember can you	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'd	would	you	you	31	Investigator	Mother	you 'd think the black like that would get awful dirty	no honestly and we 've had two and a half years of her throwing bottles up on it	11	18	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you had fish the last time I was here did you	no no	15	2	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Mother	as much as I would um och no I do n't know	no I would n't wan na start over again definitely	12	10	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you had those the last day I was here did you	no she maybe she did n't right enough	15	8	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	do	do	you	you	42	Investigator	Target_Child	do you not know them	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that 's for	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	46	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know those stories	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	but as long as you do n't mind Julie you know	no	11	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Investigator	Target_Child	hey I think you 've done this one before	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you just did it yourself	no my mummie showed me	7	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know Spider	no not really I only read it	4	7	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bates Steve	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think there 's probably seeds in each of them	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Bates Chuck	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know if we 'll have enough people for all of them	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you know we could take one of these out and put them in another one	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Bates Nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	I think you had better finish your popsicle	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Father	Target_Child	well I think we oughta take you out of this first Nomi	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you think somebody might think you are dinner	no	9	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	what other type animals do you know	no	7	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know any other animals	no	7	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where it is	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no I do n't know	6	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		is	be	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Father	this is known as schmotz Nomi	no	6	1	declarative	question	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	think your girls will wake up	no	6	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think are you sure the muffin man is in this book honey	no	14	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think maybe the muffin man is in another book	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should put the pants back on honey	no it 's warm	10	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think you do	no they do n't have	7	5	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he had any dreams	no	7	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where Daddy 's shoes are	no	8	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I thought that was a ladybug	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'd rather put it in a dish	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	because know why we 're leaving	no	6	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	well you know what 's going to happen do n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you know we 're eventually going to get you dressed	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how to skip	no	7	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	55	Father	Father	I do n't think you 'd better do that Nomi because you splash it over	no no no no	15	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	remember meeting Louise at Hillel	no	5	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	17	Father	Father	do you remember	no that is Daddy 's foot	3	6	question	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	you	you	17	Father	Target_Child	what would you think about a cookie	no	7	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	18	Father	Target_Child	what you think	no	3	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	18	Father	Target_Child	what do you think	no no	4	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	you	you	18	Father	Target_Child	what would you think about cookies	no no	6	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Father	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Father	Target_Child	what you think	no	3	1	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	22	Father	Target_Child	I want to show Mommy something you know	no no	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	think	no I was wrong	1	4	declarative	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	some dog kids I know have dogs too	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	McMillan Rachel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	ca	can	you	you	60	Teacher	Target_Child	you ca n't think of one now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Teacher	Target_Child	do you know any other stories	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	48	Unidentified	Target_Child	bill tells you stories can you remember a story	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you know stories like Goldilocks	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	60	Teacher	Target_Child	do n't you think it 's heavy	no he 's really strong	7	5	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Unidentified	Target_Child	I think you can tell us a story	no I 'm not	8	4	declarative	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Teacher	Target_Child	do you know Curious George	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Teacher	Target_Child	uh you do n't know the story of Curious George	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Teacher	Target_Child	do you know Cinderella	no I do n't have that book	4	7	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	60	Teacher	Target_Child	do n't remember	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Gopnik Student	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	can you remember it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Teacher	Target_Child	think you can do that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you think so	no I do n't think so	4	6	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I know what I 'll give you	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Mother	well I think it 's in there too	no I do n't see it	8	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think not	no indeed	3	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it is	no it 's not a clock	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	you 've got to I know	no I haf ta eat lunch first	6	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	it	it	25	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's better is n't it	no it not better	8	4	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a cart	no it is n't I said	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think we have enough bread	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he would	no my thank you	5	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember David	no never David	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think you should pick it up and put it in the basket	no	15	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that 's yours	no let Ursula look now Adam	7	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that would be very good really	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think you 're finished	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think you 've had enough	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's running into the television set is n't it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na remember	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I know his name	no I do n't know his name	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think it would hurt if a horse hugged you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	Adam do you know what this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think it looks like something	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where the caboose is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that 's why	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think you know how to put a hole back together	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'd better take the watch back to Ursula	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think Robin has ta look both ways when he crosses the street	no I do n't want ta look both ways	15	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	you know how to put it back together	no you know how put	8	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no a hatso	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the name of the park	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't know I was home did you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	did you ever think of that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think it 's a doctor	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that looks like a nose to me	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	know what I maked	no what did you make	4	5	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Target_Child	Mother	do you know what delf means	no I do n't know what delf means	6	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where your dozen be	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no they are n't all black	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		did	do	he	he	41	Mother	Target_Child	did he ever remember what he forgot	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	you know	no no you ca n't play the game with me	2	10	trail	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I like means	no what does that mean	6	5	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	43	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that would work	no no Adam	7	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know how to put this in	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know how to do do the a	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Mother	do you remember what Captain Bob useta have	no what did he useta have	8	6	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've had everything in the bag now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no will you tell me	1	5	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think she has an interesting story to tell about those	no let me	11	3	declarative	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what a field is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	do you think it 's going to stay on dere	no I do n't really think so	10	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Mother	you know how to do it	no you hold this	6	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the name of that restaurant	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she could get in that	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	47	Target_Child	Mother	he does n't know how to play	no he does n't know how to play with those things yet	7	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	47	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think busses have wheels on the back do they	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	47	Target_Child	Mother	he thinks it goes there	no Adam is working over here on this side	5	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	47	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't know him	no we do n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	think that 's a hat	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what a design is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Target_Child	Mother	you know what a grabby boat is	no I do n't know what a grabby boat is	7	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	I think I use this for paper	no no those are Daddy 's things	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	know what fold means	no I 'm not quite sure	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why he was going to be the eye	no	11	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why he 's the eye	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	she	she	50	Mother	Target_Child	she knows Ursula	no she does n't know Ursula	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think Paul had this Adam	no I wan na play with it	6	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think he could follow an instruction if the objects were n't in the room if he wanted to	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't know where dose guns were coming from	no I do n't think he did	10	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you know what that story 's about	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	well no I think I better take that back and bring it again	no you ca n't bring it here	13	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know where you live	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no that 's not what it 's for	4	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	know who 's dis name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I could sit in it this morning	no you could sit in dat dis morning	10	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what letter that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that 's called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what your name starts with	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	you know why it stays up	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know where it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	I did n't think you were calling anyone silly were you	no I 'm calling the page silly	11	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know what you got	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	think you could jump better if I tie your shoes	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what the name of that statue is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think they 're going to sleep	no I think Paul turned de light off	8	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		does	do	he	he	55	Target_Child	Mother	he thinks I 'm giving him medicine does n't he	no he thinks you 're checking him too	10	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Investigator	Target_Child	no I think you 've seen everything	no I have n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	62	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy you do n't know how to make a monster do you	no I do n't know how to make a monster	12	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you 're getting silly	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 've had enough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	thought you were going to dancing school	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	Sarah I thought we were pals	no we 're not pals any more	6	7	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're heading for bed	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's sick do you think we oughta take her to Doctor Marx	no	15	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're a nice Mummy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 's broke	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think they get in their way	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	no I thought my name was Sarah Donald Barnes	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I thought your finger hurt	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta throw this crib out you know	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you know that	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Mother	remember	no she means this here	1	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a crazy bone I think	no it 's not crazy foam you think	7	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	41	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't know who work it	no but we 'll learn	7	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	41	Mother	Target_Child	ya do n't haf ta have water for everything ya know	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Mother	I 'm doing very well do n't you think	no you 're not doing very well	9	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you know where we 're going	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	business	business	42	Mother	Target_Child	funny business think I 'm your maid	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Mother	Sarah what ever made ya think of Your Three Sons	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I think Skipper is coming	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it 's ready yet	no it 's not ready honey	8	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	watch it you know you 'll break his wing	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think I 'll do it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll sell ya	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	you think I can do it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think Aunt_Dot 's buying you a swing this weekend	no sir	10	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Father	Target_Child	remember it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	Nana 's coming you know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Playmate	Mother	Sarah do you know what this is called	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Target_Child	Mother	know how to make a mirror	no you show me	6	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think the right way is like like that	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think this is a	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	i	i	51	Target_Child	Mother	do I know how to make a i	no a nine honey	8	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know him	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Father	Mother	you know somebody who always says that	no he does n't say	7	5	declarative	quotation	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Sheryl gave it to ya	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you 're just about finished	no I 'm not	8	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Target_Child	six year old I think	no she 's seven year old now	5	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	I think not	no	3	1	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're telling stories	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	I	I	55	Investigator	Mother	I should think you 'd haf ta take everything in at the waist and all	no it 's not the waist	15	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's nice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think you 're fresh	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	in fact I think after supper we should give you a spanking just to give you a spanking	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think that would be a lot of fun	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	58	Father	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Father	I do n't think my sister 's shows either	no it 's not up that far	9	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Father	Target_Child	do you know what clobbered means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	58	Father	Target_Child	so do you think Mommy 's homely	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	you know	no I do n't know	2	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	and you know what it says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was Mr Wollensak	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	they	they	59	Mother	Mother	I think they 're lambs are n't they	no you 're right	8	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	I think Laurie is going be down the beach	no honey I think if Laurie was coming she 'd be there by now	9	14	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	remember last night about the Miss and the Mrs well Gail 's a Miss just like you	no I ai n't	17	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	60	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you were through	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	60	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think that 's such a good idea	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what kind of flower those are	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	61	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know my name	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	you think they do n't like being in the little cages	no	11	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe we should try to make another one think so	no	10	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'd like some juice would you like some juice	no	12	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	now when we can dry this bottle off we can put Ana 's name on it do you know how to spell Ana 's name	no I	25	2	question	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I know that 's Shem 's but is there one for Cindy	no	12	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know harry the dirty dog	no no that one	7	4	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	we	we	29	Investigator	Target_Child	we do n't know they 're looking for him is this a frog	no	13	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah well I do n't know how this works	no maybe	9	2	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	oh they 're not here think we should sit down and wait for them	no	14	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	Shem you know what we forgot	no	6	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Father	I think we 're trying to be given a hint	no that 's okay	10	4	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I only come once a week you know why do n't you wan na do that	no	16	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	you think he 's big	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	but I think there 's only one here how about this little mouse	no	13	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	oh I think you skipped some pages here yeah here 's one okay	no no dis one	13	4	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah I think it 's working okay	no no it 's not working very well because it makes noise	7	12	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	then suddenly he remembered what Sam had said earlier that 's not a baby bunny	no	15	1	trail	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Adult	Target_Child	that 's a little dangerous do n't you think	no it 's not not not dangerous ba bonk ke kem uhoh bong	9	13	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	they	they	31	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah I do n't think they go on the floor do they	no	12	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'll go to sleep	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	did you ever think of that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	think so	no I wan na put it on here	2	8	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I think we 'll leave hers right there	no	8	1	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	do you know why you start whining	no	7	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe do you think maybe they 're his little kid 's shoes	no is not	12	3	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think kitty wants to go out	no he do n't want to	8	6	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	oh Shem I think it would be a good idea to share	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	no I think that 's mommy 's spot	no is	8	2	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	well then how can she how do you think she can sit in a high+chair	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	think she 's gon ta be very happy about that	no	10	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	you think	no not in the play+dough	2	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'll	will	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I 'll think we should get this all these dinner things out do n't you think so	no let 's dump it out	17	6	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think anybody likes to eat the skin	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I think we should give the froggie this banana	no it does n't open	9	5	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	hm why do you think they 're mad	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	the egg is probably what gave him the lump do n't you think	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know that song	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do know how to put the socks and shoes on	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	oh do n't you think we should be unloading it by the house so that we can put it in the house	no	22	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	no I think I 'm must gon ta have a little piece of cheese on it	no I haf ta have butter in that open and closing+fing	16	11	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	right you think I should make cheeks on it	no no you h him gots cheeks	9	7	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	so may do you think it 's time ready to time to eat lunch now	no we haf ta play a little longer here	15	9	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	how come you want the the geese to dry up but I thought you wanted them to be wet	no I haf to dry it up so so so so so it will dry so it 'll so so so um so sos o it wo n't get duh market all wet	19	33	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you know I 've never seen you do these letters	no no do n't do dem	10	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	well I do n't know about that okay does this look like a fence	no	14	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	Shem I think you need some ointment	no it 's all better	7	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't know where she 's going	no I 've never seen a slide that looked like that	8	11	question	declarative	VanHouten Stephen	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	you think it 's Mommy	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Adam	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think they 're pretty	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Anthony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that ride is called	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Aaron	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking or are you just playing around	no	9	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Peter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no I do n't want that	1	6	question	declarative	VanHouten Robert	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	17	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that 's gon ta work	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	McCune David	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	18	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	McCune Alice	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you know which ones go where	no	7	1	question	declarative	McCune Alice	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	I do n't think its gon ta fit	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	McCune None	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I think the green	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	McCune Laura	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	you 'll haf ta get it because I do n't know what you want	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	oop no I do n't think it fits there	no try another place	9	4	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so you wan na try again	no	10	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you know how to put it in	no	7	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	18	Mother	Father	oh he thought you meant that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Father	Target_Child	yeah I know	no no no	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think she hurt you	no	7	1	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I thought it was your own hat	no my Hulk hat	7	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you know what happened	no my baby blanket is not wet	4	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	Titus	Titus	34	Father	Target_Child	does Titus know how to talk	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	did you think I was saying fruit	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Father	Target_Child	I think that 's enough now okay	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	it	it	37	Father	Target_Child	because it does n't know how huh	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	you do n't think it 's going to do well	no	10	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know the name of it	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know the name of the movie you watched	no will you tell me	11	5	question	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Father	do you know the American Superhero story	no what is the story	7	5	question	question	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know about the wolf	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you know how to say it in Hungarian	no	9	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Father	Target_Child	I know you can scare little boys that way	no do n't do that any more Mommy	9	8	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	42	Father	Target_Child	does n't think he has clothes on	no you	7	2	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Father	do you know what I have that is like my Superman Halloween costume	no I do n't know	13	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you think he was a nice man	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	51	Target_Child	Father	I do n't know nick name	no I do n't either	6	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know why we have walls	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know what a grandpa is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you know what a grandma is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you know who your father 's father is	no	9	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know what a cat is	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you know what a dog is	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you know what they look like	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	do you know what she looks like	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Target_Child	Father	I thought you said Billys	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Father	Target_Child	I know what you mean the huge one	no I 'll show you	8	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Father	Target_Child	do you know what it means if somebody scolds you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	64	Father	Father	do you think the oldest thing is when the earth was began	no	12	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Father	Target_Child	you know how many pairs of boy 's socks there are in the wash	no	14	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	dyou	dyou	19	Mother	Mother	dyou know what a teenager is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Mother	okay remember it 's pretend	no it 's pretend	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't think you like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know what they say	no they probably make animal noises right	7	7	declarative	question	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	14	Father	Mother	you know what they look like	no but I 'm sure I can figure it out	6	10	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	15	Mother	Mother	oh I think it 's down as far as it goes Violet	no it should go down farther than that	12	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	16	Mother	Mother	does n't have school next week ya know	no it 's February vacation	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	16	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought we 're gon ta keep that on so we can do our taping	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	17	Mother	Father	or you think fifty	no a hundred is good	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Mother	do you remember that	no	4	1	question	question	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	well I think would like to see that	no he saw it but I know he would like he 'd like to see it again	8	17	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	we must have left it at grandma and grandpa 's do you think we did	no	15	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think we did finish the puzzle wan na go see it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	well I no I do n't think you had told me that but it 's funny how many people have degrees in psychology	no I know because it 's like they do n't tell you how to use it	23	16	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh that probly this probly goes on top of that I think	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't think it can come out without breaking	no	10	1	declarative	question	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I think this is the tail	no I 'm not sure really	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	okay but remember the rule about the underwear	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Mother	and you know it	no no no	4	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you think we have red paint	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Brother	Mother	remember when Joe was taking care of the dog	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		would	would	Max	Max	40	Mother	Target_Child	um I forget what he 's called Max would know right	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	you think I could draw that one next	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	trunk fish you remember	no did we see one of those	4	7	question	question	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'm	be	I	I	43	Unidentified	Mother	I was thinking I 'm like you 're going for marriage counseling and I 'm going to dinner	no I know but I do n't	18	7	interruption	self	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	remember this one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	wo	will	they	they	46	Mother	Target_Child	they wo n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	17	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where the people are oh look here 's Eeyore	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	oh I thought I was getting a hug there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	no you think that 's her leg	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's her hand	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's her neck	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you think Mommy 's going to eat Polly pocket	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	Polly pocket I know I do n't know where the other one is	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	golem man I think is with Rosie	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	I know you gave	no there 's no treat for you	4	7	self	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 'll like it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Mommy has any Clifford juice sweetie we 'll haf ta buy some	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	they look like red lollipops I think it 's a fork and a spoon	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	you wan na get some from mommy 's room I think she 's got better books in her room	no okay	19	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you know my big green scarf do n't I wear a big green scarf	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	uh you know this one look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	she	she	23	Mother	Target_Child	oh my goodness I do n't know if Polly Pockets wants to go in the water in her dress does she	no	21	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think your mommy needs that microphone	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	let 's think about this would you like some peach chips	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	because you know Lily was clearly talking	no I do n't want to	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Rafi and Tamar and their Mommy and Daddy should come over for dinner when we have our kitchen back	no	22	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think that dress is gon ta fit on her	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've ever had eggplant but Mommy loves eggplant	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let me know when you want me to wash your hands okay sweet stuff	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no my um	2	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think that little yellow bucket is suppose to be corn	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	so I know you put all the stickers in your book	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know mommy does n't want you to whine anymore either	no I do n't want to	12	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think mommy should just whine and complain everytime you ask for something	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that would be good either	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	remember you were wearing Trevor 's big sweatshirt	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'm	be	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	Lily you 're not wearing it now I 'm just thinking back	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a camp for wayward children where we can send you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you think you might self destruct if you whine too much	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	well you know what you haf ta take your microphone	no I want um um um um	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so I think you 're very cranky	no I not very cranky	11	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were gon ta think of one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that 's what you wanted	no I wan na hold it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know maybe it 's on the chair	no I do n't know	10	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no no not say that	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you remember what this state is	no it 's not upside down no	6	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think my magic wand is broken	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	sweetie do you think we know each peach pear plum by heart	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 'd be fun	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you think it stopped raining	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	I know can you does Thomas have any dirt on him	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think elephants like to eat fruit	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think anyone 's wearing yellow there are they	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	no I think it 's empty now	no I want put this in	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's a chicken is n't she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	Honey I thought you were going to help Mommy make the cookies	no I wanta want	12	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think maybe you 've eaten enough of them	no I want some um more	9	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you know what Sweetie let 's wait just a couple more minutes	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh you know what snow is in here too	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know what honey mommy needs you to have some calcium so why do n't you have some chocolate milk	no I want	20	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	whaddya	whaddya	30	Mother	Mother	maybe it 's clean water whaddya think	no	7	1	question	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh you know what can you bring your sticker book over Mommy wants to see that for a minute	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you are	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	mm I think you 're getting it all over the place Honey	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you know they 're not as firm and sometimes you wan na put like some graham crackers or something in the crust to keep it	no	27	1	trail	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I thought reading books was your favorite thing	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	maybe they do they think they wan na wear princess underpants those goblins	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think he went to the library this morning but we 're gon ta see him later	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Sam 's in the closet	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know if the cat likes to be dressed up in clothes	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	Toad said Frog you never know when someone may send you a letter	no I do n't think anyone will ever send me a letter	13	12	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	do you think this is a pretty color	no	8	1	question	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	yeah you took your pink medicine this morning remember	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know what Mommy needs	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you were delicious	no I 'm Lily	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's a good idea to go to the tree+house when it 's a thunder storm	no	19	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's love a lot is n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	foods	food	38	Mother	Target_Child	whada you think daddy 's favorite foods are	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	djou	djou	38	Mother	Target_Child	djou remember how it goes	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what the joke is	no no no no	8	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you think Chuckie Cheese is a lion	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's ever going to get warm out sweetie	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	djou	djou	38	Mother	Target_Child	djou remember the name of the state	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what her name is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	so honey I do n't think uh you did n't wan na am I correct in assuming you do n't wan na go to ballet anymore	no	26	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you think he has to go to the dentist and have the dentist put his teeth back in	no	20	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know it might be fun we could sort them by colors or something	no thank you	16	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Mother	did you forget to remember	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we could put you in the soup and eat you up cause you 're so tasty	no	19	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're about the silliest Lily ever	no not	9	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Mother	Mother	I do n't think I found frown bear	no it was a fun shine bear	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see do you think that 's a supermarket	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	more strawberries do you think you 're going to turn into a strawberry	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	18	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	self	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	18	Mother	Target_Child	if you 're happy and you know it say tadah	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Mother	do you think that would help	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	dyou	dyou	20	Mother	Target_Child	dyou remember where we went	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	he	he	21	Mother	Mother	he does n't know it	no but he did because he pointed it out	5	9	self	trail	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	did you try to and you did n't know where to bring it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	dyou	dyou	25	Mother	Target_Child	dyou think that 's the way you should be using that	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I know wait wait wait here look	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	26	Mother	Target_Child	ya know what I do n't like your attitude	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's on the side of the house	no it 's not side of house	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's better	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this book	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	28	Mother	Target_Child	William ya know what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't know what to tell you	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should play inside William	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	28	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but ya know what then why do n't we put your backpack on	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that might be the winner	no you read the trucks	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I know you know what all of these are	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	thought you wanted	no I do n't wan na dance	3	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Sister	Target_Child	I know he 's a real tennis machine	no no basketball	8	3	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	ya	ya	29	Mother	Target_Child	do ya remember what they are	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we should vacuum up the dirt maybe	no	10	1	question	question	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	alright William you know what I 'll tell you what why do n't you play by yourself	no this one no no this one	17	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that shirt might be a little big for Barney	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I can fix it better I think	no that 's okay	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I think that broke before I think James broke that string	no he	11	2	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Father	Father	oh I think I see it is that it over there	no it 's	11	3	question	trail	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I thought you went like this and you push	no	9	1	interruption	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I do n't know is he swimming in the police garage	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	how about oatmeal I think oatmeal would be a nice change	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	what I was thinking	no I 'm going this way	4	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	come on I think it 's fun to do it that way	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	and I think that might go there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think we should clean up and we can do it again later but mommy has to take a shower now	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Father	I think so	no no no wait right here	3	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	40	Father	Target_Child	I do n't think that 's a good idea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	cause I do n't think this one works	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	oh no you ca n't eat play+dough remember the rules	no eating the play+dough	10	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I I thought ya	no do n't do that	4	5	self	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I know you can say four	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	because if you know if you do n't if I do n't need it today I 'll prolly need it in the morning	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Father	I thought you went to buy a train table	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	let 's see I do n't know what is it	no leave your socks on just leave them on	10	9	question	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	he usually does n't take it apart that 's the thing unless you know I bring it in there	no that 's the puzzle	19	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	what do you think	no do n't touch those	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	a truck I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	that 's a t+rex I think	no that 's not a t+rex that 's a that other one I ca n't think of it	6	18	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I know what we should do	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	Manuela	Manuela	28	Grandmother	Target_Child	did Manuela know about the picture of the valley	no no no no no no no no no	9	9	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I I know you can do it just try take your time	no do n't panic	12	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I think you 're doing this you 're fooling me on purpose	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Grandfather	Mother	you know I 'm going away next weekend	no you said you were going to go away	8	9	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't know where Gigi put your basket	no that 's a um	9	5	declarative	self	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think Gigi will like that	no I do n't think so she 's gon ta have a heart attack	8	14	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think that 's everything	no you 're not supposed to mess up the block tower	5	11	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I I I I do n't know the difference	no no no that 's not what we 're doing	9	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think Mommy 's gon ta play that then	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't know what you say when you talk to me like that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where they went	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		's	be	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I know but it 's it 's just pretend it does n't really go in your mouth it 's yucky	no	20	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know but you 're not supposed to be naughty in school you 're supposed to be a nice boy	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Mother	make a face remember you made a face the other night	no you made a surprise	11	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think I have any apples left how about a clementine	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I know but Stella 's not here so you should n't be running	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was a snack song she sang	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's my camera	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's mine	no that 's mine	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	now I think I need a pair of scissors maybe	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know I saw you you tossed it that way go look over there	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	we	we	39	Mother	Mother	when we think about God at church	no there 's no more pages about how wonderful he is and how good he is to us	7	18	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	hm I think I 'm out of gas I 'll have to go to the gas station	no say	17	2	declarative	trail	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	why do you know where the other one is	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	alright you know what let 's finish this up	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Mother	I know but put it more this way because that other	no no this way	11	4	self	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said you were n't gon ta put it on the floor	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I was are you I could play too can I play	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what that means yeah yeah	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll get some glue and some paper	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Mother	Mother	I know that was n't very nice	no do n't rip it anymore because then we wo n't know what it says	7	15	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	41	Mother	Mother	wait wait I think we 're all twisted here	no okay we 're okay	9	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	16	Adult	Mother	I thought you said eleven	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		whada	whada	you	you	16	Mother	Mother	whada you think	no	3	1	question	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	16	Mother	Mother	right now I thought you wanted cheese to eat	no	9	1	declarative	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	18	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	I think the fish is kissing the cat	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think about that idea	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	how about this rattle this is for a little baby do n't you think	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	you already know how to do that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's because she 's slippery	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Father	Father	you know I do n't have a clue	no it 's Monday I ca n't be on call	8	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	oh okay I thought I was really cutting garlic	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think is here any more but you can check if you want to	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I think she is a I think she is a reptile	no he sees it is is n't a reptile she 's a mammal	11	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	will you let me know if you 're hungry and you want a snack	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	where are your new teeth do you know where your new teeth are	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where they are	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	Lucy All is in the bed I think	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	well I do n't think we have very many other kinds of cheese here	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's the other way around if you turn it turn it turn it	no	16	1	trail	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think they are in the bag in the other room we can get them and look at them	no they 're at Mommy 's desk	20	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're done eating are n't you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	23	Mother	Target_Child	d'you think he wants his mommy to get more food for him	no he eats Sally finish it wash her bowl off	12	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	well you know what I do n't want you to do that right now	no no I do n't think so	14	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're feeling upset	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think some dry clothes would be a good thing for you	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think what about nuts what about walnuts when you eat ground up walnuts are they crunchy	no	17	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked pear sauce	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know what you 're saying sweetie	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I think the ball is a little bit too big	no it is n't too big	11	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a rooster	no a hen	6	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	doncha	doncha	25	Mother	Target_Child	now it 's probably time to get a dry diaper doncha think	no not a dry diaper	12	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	those animals really like to get into our garbage I think	no there 's a bear	11	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I saw you giving her the sippy cup a couple minutes ago	no no no that 's a bottle no she 's drinking some milk some nursie milk	14	16	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	sheep	sheep	25	Mother	Target_Child	sheep shove sheep grunt sheep do n't think to look up front	no no the pigs were pushing the jeep outta the mud	12	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	no you know what we do n't drink water with our fingers	no no you 're tasting the water	12	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	but I think I 'm okay now I 'll be able to help you now	no you want some no you want do you want some	15	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		were	be	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	is that what you were remembering Naima	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's big enough for Sally	no it 's little	8	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	Naima I think it 's time to put on your uh pajamas	no no read another pages	12	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's what we 're gon ta do	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 're going to need to do some actual washing here Naima	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought he was I thought he was Uncle Waldo	no the Uncle Waldo the Uncle Waldo	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's that first picture right there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to spell eagle	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I think I probably haf ta go since Naima needs me	no I mean	11	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think bears do like cheese especially bear cubs	no a bicka bicka bear bicka bear bicka bicka bear a bicka bicka bear a bicka bicka bear	9	18	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you know the story	no what what does n't he eat	4	7	declarative	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it might be time to have a small snack	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	because you know what it is actually supper time	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think I just cleaned you up like a baby but I think your hands still have some residue on them	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	what what I think about it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	I know but	no no	3	2	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's all	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	29	Father	Target_Child	d'you think it feels good to have bugs bite you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	I think Daddy might wan na curl up in that nest with you	no I 'm	13	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no it fell down again	2	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 's out there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Father	I do n't know that we can fit more than that in that cooler	no we do n't need more	14	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	you do know how it works	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	Lucy likes to hide I think	no you check her	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	I think it smells a little poopy to me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think she will	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you were right I think it 's an ostrich	no no	11	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we might need more track let 's find out	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you might be finished on the potty there	no but I need to pee	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would be better if you had no diaper for a while	no but I want some	14	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh here 's the alphabet you know all these letters	no I do n't know all	10	6	declarative	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to hum	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta tell him what the words are 'cause I do n't think he knows	no	17	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll stop now	no I want to transmit	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think we might actually need something to carry them back in here with do n't you think	no I just want one of them	18	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think maybe you used the stickers for something else	no that 's not what happened actually	10	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	who	who	31	Mother	Target_Child	he 's the one who knows why	no his friends no	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a little girl who 's scary	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a Brazil nut	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh dear I think I 've forgotten what a chickadee eats	no you did n't forget	11	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't know you had the butter	no I want to play with the butter	8	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	think you might eat a little bit of corn	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	which potty do you think we should take with us on the journey should we take this potty seat and leave these two at home	no I wan na bring the bunny one because it has handle	25	12	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	okay I think you 're ready to wipe are n't you	no not yet	11	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		'm	be	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I 'm thinking of	no come sit down	4	4	trail	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	were	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you were not thinking	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		's	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you know it 's just that it 's time we always brush around seven thirty	no it 's not seven thirty	15	6	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	fourteen fifteen I do n't know what that goes to	no I think	10	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think you might wan na take a nap because	no	10	1	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	but imonna help you look for those uh tongs now but I do want to keep talking to you about a nap because I know that when you take a nap sometimes it helps you feel better	no it 's not gon ta help	37	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know what we 're gon ta need to go for a drive in a little while because we do n't have any yogurt	no	24	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't we think about it while we 're changing your diaper	no no no something of art	13	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I think you meant to put this here huh	no but we need to make	9	6	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's upside down so that 's where it is	no it 's not upside down there 's no point	12	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think the point is on the other side	no the point is not on other side	10	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you ready to do some eating do you think	no no no no	10	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we decided the duckling had swallowed a coin	no not a coin not a coin	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know what you do need some on your back	no I do n't want that	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you know you could put it on your own body	no I put on you	10	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	but you know during the day while I 'm out here I 'm gon ta let the chickens come out	no I do n't want that	20	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what kind that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think this probably goes here	no I think it probably goes	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	they do n't come off I know	no no no I just pretended	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	can you think of anything	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you think he might hide there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	well you know when I wrap things up in plastic wrap in the kitchen I do n't actually use tape	no no no no this is a present	20	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think I might just gather up few things of clothing items of clothing for you	no let 's play	16	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's pretty hard	no it 's soft	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think it was warmed up	no I I handle I was handling it	8	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know were you	no you were handling it	6	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I would do n't you think he rather be carried or in the sling	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought you already sold it to me though	no no no you wanted to beep the cheese	10	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	ah I thought your were the person who worked at the store	no no Mommy	12	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I just helped him do that	no no it 's closed	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	be careful there Naima that 's not really for standing on did you know that	no	15	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	you saw a big role of black tape I think may be you use that one up did you	no the red one	19	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know what a welcoming committee is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Father	Mother	that 's what I think	no it is	5	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Grandmother	Target_Child	I think there 's only eight	no there 's seven seven eight	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I think	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I think so	no	3	1	self	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember we talked about going to Earthly Delights	no another time	10	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any canoe berries	no I 'm just making that up	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any canoe berries	no I 'm just making that up	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not even gon ta tell you because you already know	no something that we never heard was allowed	12	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what describe means	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	and do you think they 'll be surprised when we say we just picked these this morning	no they wo n't when we do n't give them to them they do n't know what what what we mean	17	21	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you remember you saw it on the x ray	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I think you could clip it to Naima 's shirt that would be fine	no not on my	14	4	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I think Daddy 's gon ta take a shower now	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	46	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy also knows that it 's against the rules	no he does n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I think my bear is big enough to go to the examination room by himself	no he is n't	15	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	think the boys are playing in the snow	no the boys will be too cold	8	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where you put it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think that went to the boy 's barn	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you know bat ball	no	4	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	30	Sibling	Mother	I think she is	no you do n't haf ta go get her now I was just thinking about her we had n't seen her lately	4	22	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	no he does n't make noise thought he would squeak did n't ya	no	13	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know check them all and see	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	you know what the firetruck says	no	6	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Sibling	Target_Child	Kalie you know you stole that one from me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Sibling	Mother	I do n't know if there 's room	no just put one in each one	8	7	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I think he goes right here turn him around	no not that way like this	9	6	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know right here	no he does n't go there Kalie	6	7	question	declarative	Post Tow	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	12	Mother	Mother	what do you think you 're gon ta get	no Catherine is using that Joseph that 's not for you	9	11	question	declarative	Soderstrom Joseph	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	think that will fit	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner None	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Investigator	Mother	yeah he seemed to notice like the pants were on but he he did n't I do n't know like he did n't wan na dress them but	no he did n't seem it may just be that there are so many other things	28	16	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner None	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	were those animals that you thought were familiar to him	no	10	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4767JC	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	mommy	mommy	24	Mother	Target_Child	mommy thinks that feels funny	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4825GG	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Investigator	Mother	I think that it 's just behind	no it 's empty	7	4	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4825GG	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's an eel	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5623AT	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's hot okay we know that it 's hot we wo n't touch	no want hot	14	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I know	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	question	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	well I think she 'll she likes it you can give her the rest	no	14	1	declarative	question	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	remember you were a peacock	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5903AE	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	is there anything else you think we should know in general	no	11	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	not	may	may	he	he	18	Mother	Mother	so he may not know the name of say like the hamburger	no sir do n't touch please	12	6	self	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	18	Mother	Mother	do you think it 's gon ta come off	no	9	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6826LD	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Investigator	Mother	and then I know you did n't pick this up but think do you have this at home	no	18	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6818AP	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you 're sitting on it	no its pizza	8	3	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7018NB	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	18	Mother	Mother	what if you think you can get into that chair you can play with the computer	no come on	16	3	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6598JM	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you 've ever actually had a beet before	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6598JM	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	hey you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he likes to dance	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Investigator	Mother	because I know you were trying to do it	no	9	1	declarative	trail	NewmanRatner 5543EF11	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Mother	Target_Child	I mean I think there 's a lot here	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5543EF11	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	ya	ya	18	Mother	Mother	what do ya think	no	4	1	question	question	NewmanRatner 5244SE18	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Mother	Mother	um I 'm just trying to think	no I do n't think we have any of those	7	10	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5593SH	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	18	Mother	Mother	but you pushed over the baby he thought it was funny	no we 're not gon ta go play with the computer	11	11	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5593SH	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Mother	Mother	oh pretend to eat it remember	no no no it 's pretend	6	6	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES19mos	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	18	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think he was too interested in the stuffed animals	no he pointed out the hat	12	6	declarative	self	NewmanRatner 5777FC	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't know	no that 's	4	3	question	trail	NewmanRatner 5859ME	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	he	he	18	Investigator	Mother	does he know what that is if you if you say that like bandaid and	no he 's never had one be I mean he has them all over the place but he 's never gotten a bandaid	15	23	interruption	declarative	NewmanRatner 6630TM	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Mother	Mother	remember how pretend eat	no remember pretend eat	4	4	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6314AK	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think do you think the octopus wants to have your Binky	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4619WC	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I think that is	no not butter	4	3	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4724LM24mos	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4697JK24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4814BS24	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think they come apart	no they do n't come apart	7	6	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5111CG24	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		must	must	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	you must think I do n't cook that much	no we 're not gon ta bake	9	7	declarative	self	NewmanRatner 5196AVI24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5196AVI24	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	and which ones does she know do you think	no take that out of your mouth	9	7	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5244SE24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	hey I think she 's thirsty Caitlyn	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5303CW24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		be	be	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	and is there anything that you thought you 'd be she 'd be interested in and she just really did n't go for	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5474ES24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	you know what	no they are	3	3	question	trail	NewmanRatner 5630WS	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think about these pants	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5936SR24mos	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	um and anything else you noticed during the play that you thought was interesting or different from what she usually does	no we have a playroom in our house and she 's just goes crazy in there she loves it	21	19	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6815KG24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we had a lobster	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6626SW24mos	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think that lid really comes off	no find a knife	9	4	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7075MB24mos	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I thought the sushi was for mommy	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he is hungry	no want big	5	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	do you know	no it 's peanut+butter	3	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7013VD	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they have any jelly	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6071WB24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na think it goes right there	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6071WB24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	okay what do you think what other things does daddy man need a shirt maybe	no	15	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6071WB24	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's spicy	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	and you know most toddlers are n't big fans of	no the sushi he was n't yeah and the pickles	10	10	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC18	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	do you think she 's more talkative in that visit or	no	11	1	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB24mos	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Father	I think this is empty	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	can you you know how to hold your glass	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you know who that is Charlie	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you go and think it over	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you think about it okay	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Father	remember that	no	2	1	question	question	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you know what this is called	no I w	7	3	question	trail	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	but maybe if I do n't know how will you help me	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I think we 'll save that one for later okay	no you haf ta take it off	10	7	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know what they 're saying	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	do you think that cat looks happy	no he looks mad	7	4	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you know what game this could do Charlie	no I do n't I do n't wan na play a game	8	12	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Target_Child	Father	you know what I did	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Father	do you know they do n't have bagels in Israel	no	10	1	question	interruption	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	you know what that 's called in English	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	I know how to do it	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you know what this is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you know how to put this car back together again when you 're finished taking it apart	no	18	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Mother	Father	uh now you are allowed eight ounces I think	no I 'm not gon ta finish up mine	9	9	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	62	Target_Child	Mother	do you know who it was	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	62	Father	Father	I wan na know how much the cookies are	no I 'll pay you later but I just wan na know how much these are	9	16	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	62	Father	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know who that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	62	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so it does n't look like it does it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	can	can	I	I	62	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know if I can	no that 's that 's not the way to unscrew it	7	11	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Target_Child	Mother	oh I know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Father	I remember that you were eating breakfast	no wait a minute	7	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh I know what you 're gon ta buy too	no I wan na be	10	5	declarative	trail	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Mother	let me see now I think this morning I would like to buy some coffee please	no that 's tea	16	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Father	Father	do you remember which one was in the back	no	9	1	question	question	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that is	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you remember who was driving before	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Guy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember Mama and Joey	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Guy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	and I think	no	3	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Father	Target_Child	do you think you can tell Rachel what you 're doing	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Father	Father	how do you know	no you know what this cost	4	6	trail	question	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Father	Mother	I thought we was in Drinan 's district	no that 's Brookline and Newton	8	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	you know what he grew on his farm	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	I	I	50	Father	Father	I did n't even know that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't know about it yet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	I think they go over here	no I 'll do you drop it	6	7	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Target_Child	Father	I do n't think so	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	I thought you said Dr Cohen give you the lollipop	no he not	10	3	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	maybe it does n't though I do n't know	no I do n't think it comes off Katie	9	9	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it is	no no do n't just take	6	6	question	trail	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Father	did you know I set the table	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Father	Father	I do n't think it 's big enough Laurie	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Laurel	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'll ever catch that cat	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she 's gon ta bring em into her house	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gleason Laurel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	's	be	I	I	38	Father	Mother	it was probably gastritis or something I do n't think she was she did n't when she 's	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you know what the cash out does in a store	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	do you know what Denise	no that 's Janet	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's cookies	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's pudding	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Unidentified	Mother	I do n't know	no she 's pretty good about saying she 's fool around now	4	12	declarative	declarative	Gleason Nanette	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if we can open this	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Nanette	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	29	Mother	Mother	ya know this is n't the beginning	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're gon ta make a mess	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	do you know what tomorrow is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Father	Father	I think there was a half a meat+loaf in there ya know	no	12	1	question	question	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	do you know ho which button to push to put the money back in	no	14	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Father	Target_Child	I thought that she was gon ta run to the policeman to tell him that the cat had disappeared that her baby had disappeared	no	24	1	declarative	interruption	Gleason Theresa	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Theresa	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Victor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	28	Father	Target_Child	orange and yellow it 's very sunny ya know	no	9	1	declarative	question	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	question	Gleason Victor	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	51	Target_Child	Target_Child	did you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	51	Target_Child	Father	yeah ya know how	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	what do you think ready to go	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Father	I think her name is Miss Maureen no	no	8	1	question	question	Gleason William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Father	Target_Child	you do n't think	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	okay ah think it 's ready to come out yet	no not quite yet	10	4	question	declarative	Gleason William	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Father	think I 'm going to get the job	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Father	Mother	is the rule of thumb you know you double whatever their preparation is and you get their paying cost	no I do n't know what the rule of thumb is because I did n't ask them all that question	19	20	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	think she 'll catch him	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	I thought it was a tulip when I first saw it but it 's sure not a tulip	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Father	Father	I think that you haf ta push the red one up in between each	no	14	1	trail	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know her name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know his name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think the policeman 's going to fall out of the tree Richard	no	15	1	question	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you know where it goes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	do you think you can do it then	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	you think it 's over there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	do you think you wan na put those back in there	no I think I ju	11	5	question	trail	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't even know if I do	no no	11	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	that 's upside down I think	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	uh I think this	no no no no no	4	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	can you think of a place	no	6	1	question	question	Howe Ian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	can you remember last year on holiday	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Ian	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he 's on your shelf somewhere	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Kevin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that goes next does it	no do n't put that in there	9	7	declarative	declarative	Howe Barry	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know where you want it do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Howe Wayne	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think that one lives here though	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Faye	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know what that one is	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 'm reading to you about	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	remember I told you	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think that 's a beautiful butterfly	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	did you ever think a mouse would have so much hair to trim	no	13	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no but what is that right there is that the sun	4	11	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Mother	then Bert asked doctor why he wore a mask do n't you want anyone to know who you are	no he laughed	19	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	he	he	51	Mother	Target_Child	they had forgotten his birthday he thought	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what piggies say	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	and remember what did he eat a lot	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it means to be alright	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	I knew it	no no no	3	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Investigator	Target_Child	you think you could do that	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what that is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know their name	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	60	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Grandma helped	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Father	Target_Child	it was about going to the moon remember	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know a turtle	no it 's not a turtle	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	what type of bird is that do you know	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that thing is right there	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what Nicky got for presents	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	um did anybody come up that you knew	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	you think you should have your winter clothes on	no	9	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Mother	you do n't remember	no uh you had what juice	4	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember the names	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember what Jean got you	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	remember the place we went with the rides	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought it was pretty close	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember his name	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	you can still play with the toys they just wan na know where you went	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	49	Mother	Mother	I was thinking of it today too	no Adam you did n't finish	7	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	you know you know your grace now	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know how to swim	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		had	have	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I think I I I had I I had a bowl of soup	no you did n't have a bowl of soup you had what	13	12	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember a yellow thing that she had	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Father	I think it 's the fan uh that you must hear	no the refrigerator just kicked on	11	6	interruption	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	did you think he was gon ta do that to you	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you remember your address	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Target_Child	Target_Child	what do you think	no it was two girls at at it was his name is	4	12	question	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think we used them all at your birthday party	no yeah we did	10	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Adult	Mother	I thought you told me you 'd get it	no I need the car to get it	9	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Sister	Mother	I know	no I do n't want you to answer honey	2	9	interruption	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Sister	Mother	I know	no put your hand down and tell momma	2	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	oh I do n't know I did n't catch that	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Father	Target_Child	you know what I think the problem is is that you catch too much	no I	14	2	imperative_emphatic	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you think you can wake them up	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what her name was	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Sister	Mother	I know you need ta give you need ta give us another bath	no I wash you off	13	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember the word	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	remember what their house is made out of their fort	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	remember	no no that was um a new type one okay	1	10	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember what it was	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Sister	Mother	yeah but remember remember you lost it again	no I got it	8	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you know that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you just told me you did n't like it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I said I thought you said I did n't cook	no I 'm cooking	10	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		would	would	Melissa	Melissa	45	Target_Child	Mother	Melissa would know cooking	no I said Chi you do n't know what you 're missing because the taste is good	4	17	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	does n't know what this is	no	6	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	ah you think so you think so	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what is that Astra	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how he 's doing	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	Brad	Brad	43	Investigator	Target_Child	you know why Brad	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	remember remember what you put on the picnic before	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	I thought you said the sun was out	no	8	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	here I think	no	3	1	declarative	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I know where it go was it here	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I think	no there 's no there 's none missing	2	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	he	he	45	Mother	Target_Child	I hope he knows about safety in his driving	no he gone for a flying car that goes fast	9	10	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	Chi you do n't remember	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Target_Child	Target_Child	oh I do n't know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	let me think	no I do n't know where the one goes	3	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I thought we already finished our pancakes	no it 's done	7	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if they 'll stay together but	no	10	1	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's a bear	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	you know a lot of songs Chi	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you think so	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't think its purple	no how about	6	3	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Mother	Mother	I think	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember it	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you know how they have a picnic	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you know her name	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know who her who she is	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Father	I do n't know how	no	5	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Mother	Mother	I do n't know Sissy I do n't even know what the puzzle 's spos ta look like	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Mother	Mother	I think that goes here	no	5	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Mother	know what that is Chi	no	5	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know what my school bus name is	no no no I mean the bus right there	10	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do you know where kangaroos come from	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Target_Child	Mother	are you gon ta know	no I 'm gon ta have a car race	5	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know honey	no	5	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	nope I do n't think that goes there	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	you think it will fit right here	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	what do you think mom you think you can read to her	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Mother	remember	no you ca n't said missus bear	1	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you already know what happens	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember who they are	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	64	Target_Child	Mother	yeah but yeah but I know which one is mine in there	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Investigator	Mother	if you you know if you just tell him what 's going on	no I usually read it	13	5	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know this part	no it 's a different part	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	bear	bear	56	Target_Child	Mother	and mother bear did n't know	no I do n't think so	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it does	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what that does	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that word is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Mother	you think you know this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you know what this is	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	61	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that says	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember right now	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you think that looks like a leaf	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think he can go to the moon	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Mother	you remember	no no no	2	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Mother	do you know any scary ghost stories	no said Betty Lou	7	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	55	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know that one	no	6	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Mother	Mother	I think we read this one before too	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	8	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we read this last time	no but I have it at my Dad 's	9	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	so do you think you could talk about your Florida trip a little bit	no	14	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	remember the first ones that were in the race	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	you know	no you tell them	2	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	and who do you remember who else came	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's all you think is funny that you haf ta tell me	no	13	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	what can you think of	no this is uh one one thing we did was saying once upon a time though	5	16	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	think about this	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	64	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you liked peas	no I do n't like peas anymore	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	I	i	57	Relative	Target_Child	I know now do n't I	no do you know when Cou came in	6	8	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Sister	Father	that 's the fireworks and she she goes there 's so many um fireworks things that are nearby we were we went all over you know how many fireworks things there were	no that was i that was in New Hampshire	32	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Father	well do you know what I found out today at open center	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Mother	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know how to sew yet	no well you will you 're almost old enough to use a needle and stuff	8	15	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you think you 'd wan na play baseball	no it 's so yucky	8	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	61	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what day	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Sister	Father	that 's the fireworks and she she goes there 's so many um fireworks things that are nearby we were we went all over you know how many fireworks things there were	no that was i that was in New Hampshire	32	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	61	Mother	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Mother	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		's	be	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's what your teachers do when they go home from a hard day	no	17	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know if you went to work today	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	think we can build one that big	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember Danny 's bus driver 's name	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	64	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know him	no but forget you know him	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	62	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would be your choice what you made	no it 's your turn	10	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	Max	Max	62	Mother	Mother	does Max know how to drive	no	6	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	62	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that 's called	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Investigator	Target_Child	I think we ran out of blocks	no there 's some over here	7	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Target_Child	Mother	you know what his name is	no what 's his name	6	5	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you know you do song	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	61	Mother	Target_Child	I know but we can use it though	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that fire+engine that was sitting in front of our house today had a dog	no	17	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think they had a dog	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should wash the dishes	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I know let 's get Dad to wash the dishes	no I I 'll clean them up	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how to make a firehouse	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Brother	Mother	you know what his name is	no what 's his name	6	5	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	53	Mother	Mother	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh you do n't think so	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember these toys the last time	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	61	Target_Child	Mother	do you know how to make one	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Mother	the outside of a beehive you know the honeycomb	no this way	9	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	oh I knew she would get those	no I 'm gon ta those	7	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you remember	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	because I do n't know how to make a bridge like you do	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	remember the name of that	no	5	1	question	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Target_Child	Mother	now you know how the part of the parking lot I 'm making	no what part	13	3	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	know where that is	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have every single piece do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I thought it was	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	70	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember this book	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	71	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what tusks are	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	71	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what it means when an elephant charges	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what day it is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	wh do you know what this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	65	Target_Child	Mother	I thought they did	no they eat grass and leaves and fruit and bark	4	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	you know what bark is	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Mother	do you wan na know when it is doing and stuff	no	11	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	how do you remember that story	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		will	will	you	you	68	Mother	Mother	oh my said Mrs Bear laughing what will you think of next	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Mother	you think you know this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	you know what kind of elephant that is	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	oh do you think they 'll go in that hole	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	71	Mother	Target_Child	you know what that word is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	remember that nightmare that you told me	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't think of anything that 's scary that has ever happened to you	no	14	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Grandmother	Target_Child	you know something scary happened to you	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	ca	can	you	you	65	Investigator	Target_Child	but you ca n't think of anything that made you scared	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	66	Investigator	Target_Child	do you remember something that made you scared	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	we	we	69	Mother	Target_Child	let me can we think of something	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	68	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no I 'm not because because of the shadow pattern	4	10	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	no you you know all about it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	70	Investigator	Target_Child	I know I said that but can you think of something scary like that that happened to you	no	18	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	65	Target_Child	Mother	yeah Mot you know what	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	71	Brother	Mother	I know I said a nickel	no you said a quarter	6	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	I think that one sticks	no you know why what sticks and what does n't stick	5	11	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	no you know why what sticks and what does n't stick	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	here 's a different kind of marble what do you think about that one	no	14	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Target_Child	think so	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it has a magnet inside of it	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	you think money has is a magnet	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	do you know why they all stick together	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	72	Mother	Target_Child	you know why though	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	71	Target_Child	Mother	I know I said a nickel	no you said a quarter	6	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	can	can	I	I	68	Sister	Mother	I do n't think we can	no I do n't think so	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	68	Relative	Target_Child	I thought we 'd eat and leave you out	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	do you think this will stick on here	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		can	can	I	I	70	Target_Child	Mother	I can think like a lot whole thing up	no but take one two	9	5	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember huh	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	71	Mother	Target_Child	I knew that	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	71	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no it 's not	2	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	alright do you know what this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think the other thing 's doing that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know	no no no no no	2	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	do you think money 'll stick	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	you think it 's a spider	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	72	Mother	Target_Child	think it 'll pick that up	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	70	Mother	Target_Child	I think he was only kidding you honey	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	62	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no even know	4	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	to visit who I thought I 'm sleep sleeping over	no you 're sleeping over at her house on Saturday	10	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Mother	Target_Child	I thought doctor Carroll was the principal	no	7	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Father	Mother	I know it	no we 're going to save that or he 'll get food all over it	3	15	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		be	be	she	she	66	Adult	Mother	she knew it would be	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	you know	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Father	Father	it tastes like you know like those mineral waters that have a hint of something	no no no	15	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	64	Brother	Mother	do you think my feet can make that kind of sound	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	63	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think so	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		gotta	gotta	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	you gotta remember to put ear+rings in your ears tonight	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Target_Child	Mother	you never know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	do you know you have a present for your teacher	no I do n't have a present	10	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know but	no	4	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Target_Child	Mother	um you know what	no I do n't know	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	70	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if that tape recorder 's working or not and I forgot because I let you out and mine was brought upstairs I forgot I had one	no no	30	2	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	65	Mother	Mother	I think I 'm gon ta to eat Italian dressing	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	68	Mother	Mother	you know the store the	no the farm has a store	5	6	self	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no I do n't think so	3	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	66	Mother	Mother	how do you know that	no I think we 're going to stay	5	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	71	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't see anybody that you knew today	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	71	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I never cried when I was a baby	no you never cried when you were a baby	11	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	67	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you told called me to tell me about the koolaid	no I 'm gon ta bring everything over it 's who party it is	12	14	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	remember they gave me	no I do n't remember	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	I thought I thought you did	no I do n't take sugar in my coffee	6	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	63	Mother	Target_Child	if well why do n't you do it on the table I think it 'd be easier on Inv	no	19	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	66	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the zoo people actually separate them from their parents maybe	no they 're gon ta take the parents with them	14	10	interruption	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	do you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	63	Mother	Mother	you think so	no	3	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	I wonder if think this jaf giraffe would go through	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	67	Target_Child	Mother	uh I do n't know	no	5	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what kind of dinosaur this is	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know how to make a firehouse	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	you know what we can do is separate all this stuff to where it goes	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	do you know your telephone number	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Father	Target_Child	know what we said that was a while ago	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember any of these toys from the last time	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	what kind of animals do you know	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	you know what the mother lion 's called	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you can make anything out of these	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Target_Child	Mother	oh you think of it and I 'll think of one	no why do n't you call me and we 'll talk about it	11	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	think we should do the dishes and play with something else	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	71	Mother	Mother	do you know what this one is	no	7	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	71	Mother	Target_Child	well do you remember which one that was	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	71	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's an elephant hat	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what kind this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	and do you know what this is	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	the little ones do n't stand you know	no	8	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there were houses and people and	no	9	1	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	think you are missing a dish	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	remember the folks that we visited	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD Zane	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	okay because I do n't like that junky juice you know	no I got it for myself	11	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Zane	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't think so Jake	no maybe this is his beak	7	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Connor	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	she	she	59	Mother	Target_Child	well I do n't think Flopsie wore a little a little jacket did she	no no	14	2	question	declarative	Warren George	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think a cat would have a twitching nose too	no	11	1	question	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's all the rabbit can do maybe	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	but do you think another rabbit thinks that that 's uh danger or something when he sees another rabbit twitching his nose	no	22	1	question	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Warren Gina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when Sissy useta climb trees and Daddy had ta get her out	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Warren Mary	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Warren Mary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	ca	can	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't remember	no	4	1	question	declarative	Warren Mary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't remember how we mixed them up and you got to put everything in	no	16	1	question	declarative	Warren Mary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	does	do	mommy	mommy	54	Father	Target_Child	Emily 's mommy does n't know what she 's in for does she	no	13	1	question	declarative	Warren Mary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		can	can	you	you	69	Father	Target_Child	okay well that was one of the things you bought with your allowance how many of can you remember any of the other things you bought with your allowance	no lets see	29	3	question	declarative	Warren John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Father	Target_Child	I know but what did you do any gymnastics	no I only have that on Wednesday	9	7	question	declarative	Warren John	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	it	it	63	Target_Child	Mother	think it does	no I think this goes over here	3	7	question	declarative	Warren Jmarkey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Father	know what a kicky pack	no that 's a car	5	5	declarative	declarative	Warren Katie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think you haf ta get it started before you get it	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Warren Beth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you think she can do that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Warren Beth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	70	Target_Child	Mother	I think we wear it May the third	no it 's May the twelveth	8	6	declarative	declarative	Warren David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	70	Mother	Target_Child	you remember Jean Ellen	no	4	1	question	declarative	Warren David	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Sister	Target_Child	know what	no	2	1	question	declarative	Wells Laura	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	24	Child	Child	I do n't think bread then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	I	I	36	Adult	Target_Child	I did n't know where it was to did I	no	10	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know but you 're not going to have none	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	41	Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	they	they	57	Mother	Mother	they do n't even know what fish fingers taste like	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Father	Mother	I thought it was young men all from the Ira planting bombs there	no it was n't	13	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Lee	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Father	Target_Child	do you think you could put the	no	7	1	question	declarative	Wells Lee	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	well he knows what he 's going to get now does n't he	no	13	1	question	declarative	Wells Martin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Sister	Mother	do you know what I 'm going to do	no I really do n't know	9	6	question	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Mother	and I think you 're very brave to cope with it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Sister	Target_Child	the microphone I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	23	Mother	Father	I know you do n't like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Simon	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	that was last Saturday I think	no it 's next Saturday I think	6	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Gavin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't think so	no she wo n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		'm	be	I	I	41	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know I 'm not	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Stella	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Mother	Mother	well I think babies have sleeps in the afternoons	no my family allowance thing	9	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	yes I thought you might like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	I thought one boy	no it was n't was n't Matthew	4	7	trail	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I thought when I found it up there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you could do something for me this morning	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	I thought it was broken	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Target_Child	Mother	do you know why it 's difficult	no	7	1	question	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neil	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it 's used for	no	8	1	question	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	as the house for Eeyore do n't you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	batteries	battery	57	Target_Child	Mother	but the batteries think that I wan na open it	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	no you know you 're not allowed to go through there	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	do you know it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	59	Unidentified	Target_Child	I do n't know what was wrong with it do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Grandfather	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	24	Child	Mother	did you think it was gone	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I knew there was	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you was going to talk to the man today	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know where to start today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Wells Olivia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you know	no that was n't what you said	2	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Olivia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I think so	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		being	be	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	you know what you 're being	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	she 's tired you know	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Target_Child	Child	that horsie I think	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I think she 's got her hair of	no she have n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I was thinking about getting that brown skirt	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	you do n't think Michael is fighting with our Claire do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	I think he 's broke	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's Jason	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Target_Child	Target_Child	think	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Mother	know why	no	2	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Mother	not even thinking about it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Child	well I think	no	3	1	trail	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	you know the difference between a pale color and a dark color do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've got in the bin that you can have after you 've had your sausages at dinner time	no	23	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I think	no no sorry	2	3	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	but do you know why	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the words	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that was silly	no it was n't	6	4	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think Daddy 's slicing it up	no he 's slicing that tomato	7	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think that you 're ready for bed	no I 'm happy Mom	8	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		are	be	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you thinking about the jelly fish and the Men o War we saw once	no not the jelly fish	15	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	and you remembered that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you think it tastes bad	no	5	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's your pencil now	no I 'm using it for a for a letter	8	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	thought you said you had a sore foot	no a sore throat	8	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Father	you know how I got this owie	no I sure do n't	7	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think your gun is a scissor or a knife	no my gun is uh	11	5	question	trail	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know how to make Santa Claus	no no I do n't know how to make Mommy also	9	11	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Father	do you know	no but maybe we can learn	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought all of them were for me	no no I bringed one for me and one for you	8	11	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	so I think that it 's best if it stays here	no I wan na take it to school	11	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	well you know you can use all the colors you like	no can you get me can you get me some water	11	11	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to paint the whole block	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	what do you think of that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	did n't you know that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what these are called	no	7	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	Abe do n't you think it 's good just like this	no	11	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	remember	no	1	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	you do n't think it did	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you know what it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you know what a statue is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	did you know I could do that fast	no that was fast as the lightening	8	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	shlom shlom do you know what shlom is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	you do n't remember what he said	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	're	be	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	you 're not thinking about anything	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	no do you know what that 's there for	no	9	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think the turtle would be too heavy	no a little thin turtle	10	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	move over I think I see the one	no I ca n't find it	8	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that would make him sad if you called him a baby	no I do n't think so	14	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	okay do you know where your suitcase is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Father	Target_Child	I think so is n't it	no I wanted it like this	6	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	40	Father	Target_Child	Abe do you remember what happened when we went camping	no I 'm not gon ta tell	10	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think we should give it away	no	9	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Father	Target_Child	you think the gas from our car made my feet dirty	no I mean the gas in our car not the gas	11	11	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you already had an ax Abe	no just a wooden ax you know like the Indians	8	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	I think we can get you one later	no I wan na go to Tom Thumb and get a ice cream sandwich	8	14	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	okay now I think it 's finished just for one second	no it needs to cool a little while longer	11	9	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	you do n't think that 's right	no they tee tee out of their penis	7	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	they	they	43	Father	Target_Child	they thought the monster would come to their city and eat it	no the monster crashed the planes down like this like that	12	11	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	they	they	43	Father	Target_Child	why would they think that if you came	no they would think that if I did n't come	8	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Father	Target_Child	I think it goes like this	no how did you do that	6	6	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	she	she	44	Father	Target_Child	does she know our name then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	somebody	somebody	44	Father	Target_Child	if somebody thought our name was porcupine would they know our name	no	12	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		would	would	they	they	44	Father	Target_Child	would they think your name was Goofy	no they would be tricking me	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it takes a long time to train the chimpanzees	no they are n't mean	12	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	did	do	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	oh you did n't know until you tasted it	no I thought it was n't wheat bread	9	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Father	Target_Child	I thought you liked it	no I do n't like wheat bread	5	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I think they know	no we better tell them where we 're gon ta go see	4	12	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	do n't you remember when we went on a plane	no	10	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I thought you wanted to make a complete ramp like a bridge	no I want it to jump	12	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	not	're	be	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you 're not thinking about anything	no I 'm gon ta tell you something	6	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I thought there was another one	no that 's the only one	6	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you know the name	no I know this one a duck bill dinosaur	5	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	I thought he was going to go to the grocery store	no he ate hisself	11	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	47	Father	Target_Child	some tape do you know where your tape is	no I do n't know	9	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Rob and Karen know anything about fossils	no	10	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you 'd like to	no you tell her	6	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Duncan was your last name	no now I said leopard	7	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	no I think that 's enough	no I mean more spoons and dishes	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	did n't you know what I gotted	no what did you get	7	5	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do n't you know I 'm busy doing my sliding Silly Putty into a pancake	no I did n't know that	16	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Father	Target_Child	I thought we already quit	no we did n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	yeah do you think that 's hard	no	7	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	52	Target_Child	Father	do you know what I meant	no what did you mean	6	5	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Father	I think we do	no all we have is buns and stuff	4	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	56	Mother	Target_Child	the Lisa that we knew a long long time ago	no Joey 's Lisa	10	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Father	Target_Child	I thought you wanted them apart	no you made it the wrong way	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought he might play on a hockey team	no he plays on a football team	10	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	do you know that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I think we have enough	no we need green material	5	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	59	Target_Child	Father	I think you would cry	no I would n't have cried	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I thought it was this morning	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	this coat is the cleanest I think you should wear it	no	11	1	declarative	trail	Hall Von	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Adult	Target_Child	I know I haf ta use your bath+room	no you you can go to somebody you can you can you can pee in the street	8	17	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Von	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	buy see for the most part it 's not that you 're trying I do n't think that you 're trying to uh as you say uh slip into that	no	30	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Child	Target_Child	you know what that means	no do n't fill with the oreo middles	5	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	question	Hall Patrick	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you said you would use that one no	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I know how to make our cards	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	do n't answer in a hurry think it over first	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think that Graeme will be back again in the morning	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	I know I haf ta call up someone	no	8	1	trail	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	wait I wan na know who was that	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	most times if you know about it you 're not most times when you know what you 're doing you do n't starve to death or take the wrong kinds of food	no	32	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Adult	Target_Child	would do you think	no she would n't	4	4	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	it seems to me that there are a lot of ah you know colleges with performing arts' programs to protest about this	no	22	1	question	question	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	know where it is	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Father	and you know what I did to him	no what did you do to him	8	7	question	question	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		does	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	does n't I know it does n't feel too comfortable when you lean back	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	know what she had yesterday	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no I says I 'm gon ta tell you it	4	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	know how he gets back up	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	know that	no you left it on the bed	2	7	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	know how many minutes it takes to finish this	no	9	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Brother	Target_Child	hello you know my name	no I do n't bemember	5	5	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I know what June is p paint	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Child	Target_Child	you know what Todd was doing to get it from your cubby	no I was n't get it from my cubby	12	9	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think	no she did not smell	2	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Child	do you think I 'm fooling	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	I think it is yes	no it is n't ahhah	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Brother	Target_Child	go you 're disgusting you know	no I 'm not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	what is the best thing you think I made it 's the best thing	no	14	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	well now I know	no it 's a what is it	4	7	declarative	question	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I I think it 's still a golf cart	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you know what happened	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	know what happened	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you know you would I admit I do n't think it sounds like it 's very tasty but	no	19	1	trail	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Child	do you know Matthew	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	do you know Todd	no I do n't think Stephanie knows Todd	4	8	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Child	I I I know I got it from somebody	no Jenny made this one	9	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Adult	Mother	you know there 's spos ta be snow flurries tonight	no I did n't know that	10	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	you know an oven is very hot	no no Chris	7	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	remember do n't throw your fork away	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I washed them before remember	no you did n't	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	if I know you can read it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	know me for three months	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I do n't I do n't know your name	no I 'm	9	3	declarative	trail	Hall Michael	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	and I do n't know why	no	6	1	trail	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	did	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	I did n't think so	no I do n't think that meat 's hot Remi	5	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Sister	Mother	I thought you I thought you tossed em in paper and and drop em	no you roll em out Remi	14	6	trail	declarative	Hall Remi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		did	do	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	did you know how to read it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Remi	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	but you know the the plug end part of the of the microphone does n't go on the microphone	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think he 's a real indian though	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	oh do you know what day	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think you 've more than that	no I do n't I have five	8	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do know which bank it is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know what to get	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	well you know what we should do we should get those from a baker because they 're much better	no no no	19	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think everyone has one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Child	Child	you know what my dog a friend	no he puts his chair there puts his chair there	7	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	is	be	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	no it is n't I do n't think it is cause I do n't like it	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	57	Adult	Target_Child	oh oh I 'm getting scared ya know he must be almost finished	no I 'm not	13	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know no	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's enough	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		should	should	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	think we should	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Adult	Mother	you do n't think she 's capable	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Ronald	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	you thought that was my sweater	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Lynette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't know	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Lynette	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you think that 'll happen today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Lynette	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	I thought you wore your scarf	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kim	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you know a new dress or something	no I got skirts that	7	5	question	question	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	they 're inside I know	no they 're not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	Donnel over there do you know where the paper	no don mi mew	9	4	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Child	I thought only silly putty did that	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Father	what you do n't know how to roller skate	no I never learned	9	4	question	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'm gon ta turn it off for a while	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I know I guess you stepped on something in the room	no I do n't think I stepped on anything	11	9	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Child	you know what I	no I did n't sun say ten thirty	4	8	trail	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	okay I thought it had double red	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		is	be	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	hey is it I think it goes better the other way	no no the same old way no all the way now it 's never got	11	15	declarative	trail	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	no you could pick up the rest I was just giving you a little hand there you know you do your own cleaning up in here	no I you want you to do dat	26	8	question	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you know the zoom song you wan na sing the zoom song	no I I could sp	12	5	question	trail	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	you you you know how ta play hot peas and butter	no thank you	11	3	question	declarative	Hall Anthony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Anthony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Mother	do you know a Michael upstairs	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Anthony	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	remember last time blocks	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what a grunt is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what a picture is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		'll	will	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	yeah okay I 'll remember that	no I do n't think so	6	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	know what	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah I thought I did	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I know how to use that	no you 're suppose to use that to talk in	6	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	do you think so	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you do know how to bathe yourself a little bit	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I know	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know how to say it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	picked it up from around Columbia when I first came to New York just passing you know	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Father	to to to you know just go ahead and let him have his way or	no	15	1	trail	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	you think this looks like red	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I think it 's broken	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	he	he	57	Investigator	Target_Child	did he think I had two hundred and thirty four dollars	no	11	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	what flavor do you think it is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I know what they say about boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom a boom boom	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	oh I gat a few I mean you know	no you do n't you have a lot	9	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a little crowed in this kitchen but you know you get use to it	no I do n't wan na	16	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		was	be	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	but it 's not nearly as liberal as I thought it was	no it is n't is it	12	6	declarative	question	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Father	I thought maybe you could get them cheaper out there so I said daddy we 'd better get them	no I think so I think they 're about three pounds for a dollar	19	14	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	you know why	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Target_Child	know why	no	2	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	you know what	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	she	she	57	Teacher	Child	did she think it 's finished	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Adult	Target_Child	do you know what a hut is	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		did	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	ho old did you think I was four	no I 'm not	8	4	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you remember	no I do n't remember	2	5	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought I said french bread	no you did n't you said rind	6	7	declarative	question	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		whata	whata	you	you	57	Media	Target_Child	whata you think	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Media	Target_Child	this what you thought I would look like as a princess	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Media	Target_Child	well here I am as a baker is this what you thought I 'd look like	no	16	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	okay you know what it is trace	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		's	be	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I know that 's what I 'm making you for lunch but how about having some breakfast	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think you frightened me this morning Steve	no I was just tired	8	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you want a nap do you think	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	what do you think Joey	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	knows everything	no no no	2	3	declarative	trail	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	I think it 'll be easier to eat that way	no	10	1	declarative	question	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I think he had ta go somewhere	no he did n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know I can hit Robbie right	no we no we did it	7	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	no you know these toys that they climb on the	no	10	1	trail	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I know what you mean girls have penises and boys have va vaginas	no they do n't you have it backwards	13	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I know you want the red right	no I want the blue	7	5	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta get at least one one now I know it	no you 're not	13	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	oh do I know I 'm gon ta get it on now	no you 're not	12	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	do you know where Jeremy is	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	daddy 's in there I think	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	54	Teacher	Child	who do you think started the hole thing	no there 's David	8	4	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know mommy	no I wan na play with dat	3	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's the other way around	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	mommy do you remember know what I had when you take duh thing and you push them in then take them out	no not today eat the apple regular	22	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Father	I do n't think so	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	you think I did	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	what do you think	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	do you think you could write your name	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	I think you could do a little more	no I I 've finished	8	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Adult	Target_Child	you know Arnie	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Father	no because I I think I 've stopped growing	no I do n't think I 'm gon ta get any bigger Joey	9	13	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	we	we	57	Teacher	Child	okay we got to put your name on it we know who did it Perri	no I did put my name on it	15	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	you know we 're trying a we 're trying a new method of painting would you like to try it	no no	20	2	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	do you think you 're warm do you think your hands are warm enough to do that	no I do n't wan na	17	6	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	gee I think you did a pretty good job	no I 'll w where is the top	9	8	declarative	question	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Father	Father	I do n't think so	no this looks good	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta give it to him if you do n't wan na you know	no no I mean know what he always says	17	9	declarative	question	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	i	57	Mother	Father	oh no I thought I	no here 's your mother 's bill I mean	5	9	trail	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	well I wan na see if you still remember	no	9	1	declarative	trail	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	think you 'd like that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Child	do you know how to do this	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	do you think this yellow butter is gon ta taste different than the white butter	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	Gabriella you know that you can always climb up the chair	no I do n't want uh climb on di chair wobble head	11	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	I know but that	no you ca n't put marbles in your mouth	4	9	trail	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think of Julia 's birthday cake	no you did n't	9	4	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	you know it 's really better to use a thick knife to spread out the mayonnaise	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	well I think you could give me a little taste Gabriella	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	now you 're making a house I know that	no I 'm not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think of you each morning	no you did n't do it	6	6	declarative	question	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	mom today I think I haf ta sleep in your bed+room	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I know	no would you get out door	2	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Sister	Target_Child	know the return of the giant	no it 's	6	3	declarative	quotation	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Sister	Target_Child	Brett can you write um do you know how to spell Shawn	no	12	1	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I thought that was chicken	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	57	Target_Child	Mother	ya know what	no he 'll be at someone else 's house tamarrow	3	10	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	would	would	parents	parent	57	Father	Mother	they do n't explain that so the parents would n't know it	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Brett	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't know Roland green	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Keisha	negative	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do you know what that says	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Adult	Mother	do you know this guy uptown	no I do n't know	6	5	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	what was the name of the do you remember the name of the largest dinosaur	no	15	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you know any other french song	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	do you know	no	3	1	question	question	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Father	I thought you ate ketchup like I do	no	8	1	declarative	question	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Father	she asked mo why it was there and you wan na know why	no	13	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	but do you remember sitting on the pony	no uh	8	2	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you think bunnies like peas	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	think		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Father	hum what do you think	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	remember		do	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	do you remember the names of the dwarfs Julia	no	9	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
epistemic	epistemic	know		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	okay listen you know this story better than I do why do n't you tell me the story	no oh	18	2	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
