Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Jennifer 's cookie	no my cookie	5	3	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	egg	egg	28	Father	Target_Child	a big egg is n't it	no I 'm taking the egg daddy	6	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	28	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this	no it 's a bus	3	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pencil		NOUN	pencil	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a pencil	no that 's not that 's not got a top on	4	11	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	early		ADJ	early	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	well it 's a little early it 's only quarter of ten	no it 's not	12	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	early		ADJ	early	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's early	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	red		ADJ	red	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	this is red you were wrong the first time	no that 's not red	9	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	box		NOUN	box	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it a sand box	no this is sand box pool	5	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	yes it is in my room	no it is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thing that 'll be	no do n't I want ta I ca n't go on bus	5	12	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	this	this	29	Target_Child	Mother	now what this is mommy	no you tell me	5	4	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	refrigerator		NOUN	refrigerator	they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	are they in the refrigerator	no they 're in there	5	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	prettier		ADJ	prettier	these	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	these are prettier see these blocks here	no want my blocks	7	4	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wheel		NOUN	wheel	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	no its not a trunk of the car it 's a wheel	no I did n't mean that I meant	12	8	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	Pete come on are you getting wet	no I 'm not getting wet	7	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Lois		PROPN	Lois	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	Lois 's Lynn	no it 's Lynn 's Lynn	3	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	this	this	33	Target_Child	Mother	this is for you no look	no do n't pull everything out Peter you mutt	6	9	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jenny		PROPN	Jenny	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	Jenny 's sleeping	no she just woke up too	3	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see that 's a train	no it 's in the cradle	7	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fun		ADJ	fun	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	would that be fun	no I want ta at their house	4	7	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	drink		NOUN	drink	it	it	22	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a baby 's drink	no my drink	6	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tiger		NOUN	tiger	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	baby tiger 's feet	no the green bit does n't come off	4	8	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bit		NOUN	bit	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a bit of a hazard	no want it	7	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	honest		ADJ	honest	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	to be honest	no actually	3	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	interested	n't	ADJ	interested	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	or are n't you interested in coloring today	no want that one	8	4	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	gon ta see if she 's alright	no got no got slippers on	7	6	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	picture		NOUN	picture	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	is that a picture of a lady	no not	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what that little boy was wanting to do was n't it	no not	13	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	high		ADJ	high	it	it	25	Target_Child	Mother	it 's too high	no you ca n't go up too high because you 'll fall wo n't you	4	15	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nicola		PROPN	Nicola	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	it Nicola 's balloon	no it is n't Nicola 's	4	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	there it is	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	they	they	26	Mother	Target_Child	are they very very noisy ones	no wanted wanted the light	6	5	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	John		PROPN	John	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	John 's	no these are clothes for the doll	2	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy 's car	no you went in Grandpa 's car	3	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's better	no no out	3	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	it	it	25	Target_Child	Mother	it 's Mummy 's	no this is n't Mummy 's	4	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	they 're what	no there	3	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nana		PROPN	Nana	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want Nana 's garden	no want Nana	7	3	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll be in your way	no my way again	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 'll be all right	no alright	5	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	policeman		NOUN	policeman	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to be the policeman	no there	8	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	is that nice	no want the baby tea	3	5	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	21	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no what 's that	3	4	question	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	21	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no what 's that	3	4	question	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train	not	NOUN	train	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not a train	no is n't a train	5	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Mother	that Daddy 's	no turn the first page	3	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	that	that	21	Mother	Target_Child	oh that was n't nice	no no ow	5	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	who is it	no a giraffe	3	3	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	21	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that in brumbrum	no it 's not where the brumbrum go	5	8	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	whinge		NOUN	whinge	who	who	21	Mother	Target_Child	who 's a whinge	no no want the paint	4	5	question	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	is it Mummy 's car	no it Mummy 's car	5	5	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mouse		NOUN	mouse	that	that	21	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a mouse	no no mouse	4	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	top		NOUN	top	cars	car	24	Mother	Target_Child	why are all the cars on top of each other Carl	no that way	11	3	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	dinosaur	dinosaur	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's that is that dinosaur having a drink	no have a drink	9	4	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	Thomas	Thomas	25	Mother	Target_Child	is Thomas sad	no he 's happy	3	4	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	draw		NOUN	draw	that	that	25	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a draw	no that 's letters	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Diesel		PROPN	Diesel	it	it	25	Target_Child	Mother	oh it 's Diesel	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea		NOUN	idea	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a good idea	no making no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	and that little girl 's Mummy	no it 's Carl 's Mummy	6	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	he	he	27	Target_Child	Mother	he 's in the seat car	no his car seat	6	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	is it a little boy	no it 's not a little boy	5	7	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	balloon	balloon	27	Mother	Target_Child	well what what color 's that balloon	no it 's up in sky	7	6	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	balloon		NOUN	balloon	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	is it a blue balloon	no it 's not pink one	5	6	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	number		NOUN	number	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	what number 's that Carl	no it 's it 's	5	5	question	interruption	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right	not	ADJ	right	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not right	no here	4	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's how you eat them is n't it	no it 's not right	9	5	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	diner		NOUN	diner	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the dog 's diner	no eat no cats	6	4	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	he 's tired	no he want it	3	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	these not Mummy 's	no those are Mummy 's are n't they	4	8	declarative	question	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	it	it	27	Target_Child	Mother	it 's Daddy	no it 's not love	3	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	drinking		NOUN	drinking	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's for drinking	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pear		NOUN	pear	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	um I think it 's a pear	no it 's not pear	7	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Anna		PROPN	Anna	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	Anna 's hair	no I do n't think Anna wants her hair done either	3	11	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puppy		NOUN	puppy	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	well you are a cheeky puppy	no I	6	2	declarative	trail	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pup		NOUN	pup	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a mucky pup	no I 'm not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	26	Mother	Target_Child	what 's the matter	no want it	4	3	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	happy		ADJ	happy	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	and leave you with just a train you 'll be happy	no put my toys away	11	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	so what 's that	no no way	4	3	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cupboard		NOUN	cupboard	cheese	cheese	30	Mother	Target_Child	it 's in that cupboard your cheese	no Nicole find it	7	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	that was n't very nice was it	no want my tea	7	4	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's it	no wan na do any more	3	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	pictures	picture	34	Mother	Target_Child	tell us what the pictures are as you take them out	no look my flowers	11	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	awkward		ADJ	awkward	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you being as awkward as you can	no want my birthday cake	8	5	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	one	one	24	Mother	Target_Child	well that one 's hot too	no do it	6	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dress		NOUN	dress	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the matching dress is n't it	no want that one	8	4	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kitchen		NOUN	kitchen	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's in the kitchen	no it is n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ringing		NOUN	ringing	phone	phone	25	Mother	Target_Child	phone 's ringing	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	is that right	no get it out	3	4	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	that must be Daddy because mummie 's prettier than that	no I 'm Anne	10	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	belly		NOUN	belly	this	this	49	Target_Child	Mother	this was in his belly	no that 's what that 's the cocoon	5	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	end		NOUN	end	that	that	46	Target_Child	Mother	and that 's the end of the story	no wait a minute	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bee		NOUN	bee	that	that	46	Target_Child	Mother	is that a bee	no that 's a darning needle	4	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	flower		NOUN	flower	that	that	46	Target_Child	Mother	is that a flower	no that 's a skunk	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rock		NOUN	rock	that	that	45	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a rock a white rock	no it says in the light of the moon a little egg lays on a leaf	7	16	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	moon		NOUN	moon	it	it	43	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a moon	no it 's the sun	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	butterfly	no	NOUN	butterfly	he	he	43	Target_Child	Mother	he now he do n't have he 's not a butterfly no more	no he 's not a caterpillar anymore	13	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Pat		PROPN	Pat	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm Pat	no she 's not Pat	3	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	one	one	48	Mother	Target_Child	and what 's this one	no that 's not a dinosaur	5	6	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book		NOUN	book	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	that 's that 's part of the book	no it 's not it just says for my sister Christa	8	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fat		ADJ	fat	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't want ta be fat like that	no I do n't remember I 'm not gon ta give you food to make you fat I wan na give you food so you can grow tall and you can have good grades so you can go to school and be smart little boy	9	45	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hamburger		NOUN	hamburger	they	they	45	Target_Child	Mother	they 're hamburgers	no it 's a cake	3	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bureau		NOUN	bureau	it	it	47	Mother	Target_Child	it 's on your bureau	no I do n't see it on there	5	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	that	that	46	Target_Child	Mother	and that 's the daddy	no that 's not the daddy	5	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	59	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no that 's a caterpillar	3	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm in the hot water	no he says I 'm in hot water	6	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	apple		NOUN	apple	that	that	45	Target_Child	Mother	that 's an apple	no that 's oranges	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	orange	not	NOUN	orange	that	that	45	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not a orange	no what are these	5	4	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sad	n't	ADJ	sad	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I was n't sad I when when they when they get got out	no I know you were n't sad when they got out	13	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	that	that	48	Mother	Target_Child	oh well maybe he did something that was n't very nice	no he 's just bad	11	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bug		NOUN	bug	it	it	42	Mother	Target_Child	was it a bug	no it was the other one thing was the bug	4	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	43	Target_Child	Mother	and steak and for lunch and um um and that 's it	no sir we had more than that	12	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	recorder		NOUN	recorder	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a tape recorder	no a light	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mom		NOUN	mom	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	you 're the mom	no the mom and then I I cooker kid	4	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Darlene		PROPN	Darlene	NONE	NONE	50	Target_Child	Mother	no I want I want ta go to Darlene 's	no no I told you	10	5	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	it 's nice to just have quiet around here for once	no it 's not	11	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	afraid		ADJ	afraid	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	yeah but I was afraid	no you were n't afraid	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's enough	no I want all of it	3	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	45	Target_Child	Father	and that 's not very nice	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	McDonald		PROPN	McDonald	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	McDonald 's	no it 's cat food	2	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sausage		NOUN	sausage	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	is that sausage	no that 's meatballs	3	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	he	he	44	Mother	Target_Child	because he was hungry	no why did the wolf um twist her	4	8	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tape		NOUN	tape	that	that	44	Target_Child	Mother	was that the Howard the Duck tape	no it 's not	7	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	they	they	48	Target_Child	Mother	they 're dirty	no I 'm just gon ta rinse them	3	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Wednesday		PROPN	Wednesday	it	it	43	Target_Child	Mother	what what it 's Wednesday	no it 's not Wednesday	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lot		NOUN	lot	it	it	48	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a lot of seeds of seeds in it	no I like the ones without seeds Chi	10	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	it	it	48	Mother	Target_Child	is it good now	no it 's yucky	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	that	that	47	Target_Child	Mother	well um that 's alright	no not stuck in there	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'm sorry you 're gon ta haf ta wait until Chi 's finished	no you do n't you do n't haf ta wait for Chi	15	12	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	strawberries	strawberry	46	Mother	Target_Child	nope strawberries are good	no they 're bad	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	48	Mother	Target_Child	it 's too hot outside	no I	5	2	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	minute		NOUN	minute	it	it	48	Father	Target_Child	little while it 's only for a few minutes and then it 's a half hour	no I want ta go out	16	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jason		PROPN	Jason	this	this	45	Target_Child	Mother	this is Jason	no it 's not Jason	3	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	48	Father	Target_Child	you know what I think the problem is is that you catch too much	no I	14	2	imperative_emphatic	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	money		NOUN	money	NONE	NONE	48	Father	Target_Child	what happened was the city does n't have as much money	no tell me the rest	11	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Mother	it 's gon ta be a school day tomorrow	no it 's not school day it 's Saturday	9	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	soup		NOUN	soup	this	this	45	Mother	Target_Child	this is my soup	no we want this one	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sis		PROPN	Sis	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine and Sis 's it 's mine	no this is mommy 's	9	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sis		PROPN	Sis	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	it 's yours and mine and Sis 's	no it 's mommy 's	8	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	50	Target_Child	Mother	is it hot	no it 's cooled off now	3	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	movie		NOUN	movie	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	that was in the movie	no that was when they just moved in	5	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Gram		PROPN	Gram	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Child	you 're gon ta go to Gram 's and come back	no I 'm going to Gram 's then I 'll go to Framingham and then I 'll come back	11	19	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	me and you m me and you Melissa me and you me and Melissi	no Melissi gets her hot dogs in a roundabout way	14	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a dog	no that 's a teddy bear	4	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dinosaur		NOUN	dinosaur	it	it	45	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a dinosaur this like this one	no it 's not a dinosaur	8	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	45	Target_Child	Mother	it 's almost time to go	no it 's not	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	it	it	51	Target_Child	Mother	is n't it like this	no it 's not like that at all	5	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bottle		NOUN	bottle	they	they	46	Target_Child	Mother	they 're bottles	no they 're not bottles	3	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dead		ADJ	dead	people	people	44	Target_Child	Mother	yeah that 's what people is dead	no there 's no people dead	7	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	it	it	44	Mother	Target_Child	who is it	no anybody not anybody	3	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	pan	pan	50	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that the pan	no that 's not a pan	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	that 's on that	no that 's big for this	4	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	it	it	46	Mother	Target_Child	okay it 's water	no it 's sugar	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's daddy	no it 's father	3	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	that	that	44	Target_Child	Mother	that 's my house	no we gon ta call that a	4	7	question	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	that	that	60	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the only thing you like to play with	no me like to play with more toys	10	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Joe		PROPN	Joe	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm Joe	no you 're not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mot		PROPN	Mot	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	you leaving Mot 's house	no I 'm g going to your house	5	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	name	name	48	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know what my school bus name is	no no no I mean the bus right there	10	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	48	Target_Child	Mother	that 's what on Dumbo	no that 's on Crocodile Dundee	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hammock		NOUN	hammock	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	it 's it 's a hammock	no I wan na get on the hammock	6	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mad		ADJ	mad	she	she	53	Target_Child	Mother	is she so mad	no she 's giving him a bath	4	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tea		NOUN	tea	that	that	59	Mother	Target_Child	looks like that 's tea	no do n't put honey in tea	5	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	teacher		NOUN	teacher	she	she	54	Target_Child	Mother	but he never said that she 's a teacher	no she 's not a teacher	9	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lollipop		NOUN	lollipop	that	that	60	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a lollipop	no that 's a cookie	4	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	that	that	60	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's a cookie	no it 's a lollipop	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	he	he	61	Mother	Target_Child	on Monday he ate through the app through one apple but he was still hungry	no that 's an orange	15	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	orange		NOUN	orange	that	that	61	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's an orange	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sunday		PROPN	Sunday	day	day	59	Mother	Target_Child	the next day was Sunday again the caterpillar ate through one nice green leaf and after that he felt much better	no he did n't	21	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cream	not	NOUN	cream	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not ice cream	no this is ice cream	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	book	not	NOUN	book	we	we	58	Target_Child	Mother	because we 're not because we 're not on the book	no we 're not in the book very good	11	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	baker		PROPN	baker	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Target_Child	baker 's	no wan na do pattycake	2	5	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	that 's it	no that ai n't it	3	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	that	that	56	Target_Child	Mother	weekend that will be too late	no no it 's the next weekend is the parade	6	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Museum		PROPN	Museum	it	it	54	Target_Child	Mother	and it it it it it was at the Children 's Museum	no that was on a Tuesday	12	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pink		ADJ	pink	they	they	54	Mother	Target_Child	they 're pink they 're a little bit darker than your shirt	no they 're yellow I I know what color I am	12	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yellow		ADJ	yellow	ducks	duck	54	Target_Child	Mother	are ducks really yellow	no you 've see seen real ducks before we went down to	4	12	question	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	duck		NOUN	duck	are	be	54	Target_Child	Mother	I said I said I said are are ducks yellow	no I 've never seen any yellow ducks	10	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	that 's my day I go with my daddy 's again	no it 's not	11	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nose		NOUN	nose	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a pretty nose in your nozzle	no bless you or nothing	8	5	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hole		NOUN	hole	they	they	54	Mother	Target_Child	yeah they 're like little holes you climb through	no I meant this opens up	9	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	orange		ADJ	orange	this	this	53	Target_Child	Mother	mm mm is this more orange	no that 's it	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	that	that	57	Target_Child	Father	that 's the color of mommy 's nail polish	no I do n't think so	9	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	delicious		ADJ	delicious	it	it	49	Father	Target_Child	sweet and sour sauce and it 's really delicious	no it looks like I mean	9	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jason		PROPN	Jason	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	go over Jason 's	no not tonight	4	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	is it hot for you	no nor is my biscuit hot	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	game		NOUN	game	that	that	60	Father	Target_Child	is that a video game	no it 's a	5	4	question	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	auntie		NOUN	auntie	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	gimme this mail this is auntie Lisa 's	no give me back	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece		NOUN	piece	all	all	57	Father	Target_Child	all I need is a little piece	no you can have all of it	7	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	favor		NOUN	favor	that	that	54	Mother	Target_Child	no that was the favor he gave	no I bought them	7	4	interruption	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Miss		PROPN	Miss	NONE	NONE	68	Mother	Target_Child	do you sit at Miss Redding 's table	no she she would n't last week	8	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	soup		NOUN	soup	it	it	53	Mother	Target_Child	is it chicken soup	no oh you gotta taste it	4	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Mother	you 're you 're Daddy is here here	no he 's not	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	choice		NOUN	choice	it	it	62	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would be your choice what you made	no it 's your turn	10	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	it	it	66	Mother	Target_Child	it 's in my room on the bureau	no it is n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	name	name	49	Target_Child	Mother	you know what his name is	no what 's his name	6	5	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	coffee		NOUN	coffee	this	this	57	Target_Child	Mother	and this will be coffee	no it would n't be	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	table		NOUN	table	we	we	57	Mother	Target_Child	no let 's let 's just pretend that we already carried it and that we 're at our table	no no on the on the couch on the couch	19	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fireman		NOUN	fireman	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	a fireman 's hat	no this hat	4	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	51	Mother	Target_Child	alright now it 's time to eat	no we haf ta put the cover on	7	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Corvette		PROPN	Corvette	it	it	53	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a Corvette	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real		ADJ	real	it	it	53	Target_Child	Mother	yes it is real	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	heaven		NOUN	heaven	it	it	54	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a Chi heaven	no it is n't	5	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	no	ADJ	good	that	that	61	Mother	Target_Child	that 's no good	no I kn I know	4	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	is it this one	no it 's all my house	4	6	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	59	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a change color car	no I do n't think so	6	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	69	Mother	Target_Child	it 's for you	no it 's for you	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	53	Target_Child	Mother	it 's for you	no that 's a	4	4	declarative	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hat		NOUN	hat	this	this	53	Target_Child	Mother	yes is this a hat too	no it 's not	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	he	he	57	Target_Child	Mother	he 'll be late for class	no not him	6	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	same		ADJ	same	it	it	54	Mother	Target_Child	it 's the same	no it ai n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	this	this	56	Target_Child	Mother	why this is the best way	no that 's the well no that 's right there see but this	6	13	question	trail	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hold		NOUN	hold	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	oh am I on hold	no now you 're not	5	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beautiful		ADJ	beautiful	it	it	59	Mother	Target_Child	it 's beautiful	no but it 's real good	3	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nose		NOUN	nose	NONE	NONE	63	Target_Child	Mother	they 're they 're um putting they 're squeezing their nose	no they 're nursing	11	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	NONE	NONE	72	Mother	Target_Child	is n't that nice	no they 're they might hugging	4	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	69	Target_Child	Mother	okay it 's your turn to read it	no it 's your turn	8	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book		NOUN	book	this	this	72	Mother	Target_Child	is this the same book	no but I already remember her book	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	he	he	68	Target_Child	Mother	the other kid this does n't have um his name because he 's he um Miss Shine is gon ta give him it tomorrow because the bus almost m left me so that 's why that 's why Miss Shine did n't put his name on it	no I do n't wan na hear that story	47	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mother	n't	NOUN	mother	she	she	71	Mother	Target_Child	not she could n't have been might be my mother	no not your mother	10	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	marble		NOUN	marble	NONE	NONE	62	Target_Child	Mother	that 's how you play marbles	no we ca n't play marbles they roll all over the floor	6	12	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spider		NOUN	spider	it	it	63	Target_Child	Mother	oh it 's a spider	no that 's an octopus	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	creature		NOUN	creature	I	I	66	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a bad creature these are n't creatures these are vehicles	no they are n't	12	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	crab	crab	66	Target_Child	Mother	crab is n't it	no that 's a um this is a uh it 's a little lobster	4	14	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	magnetic		ADJ	magnetic	they	they	66	Mother	Target_Child	things that these dimes and nickels look like they should be magnetic but	no they 're not	13	4	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	one	one	68	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this one	no you do n't have glass so he gots to stop he do n't have no glass gas	4	18	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	it	it	71	Mother	Target_Child	well I ca n't guess that is it a house	no you 'll find out when I 'm done	10	9	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	71	Mother	Target_Child	no tell me what it is	no I 'm not finished	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mot		PROPN	Mot	magnet	magnet	69	Target_Child	Mother	because mag magnet and metal 's the same Mot	no it 's not the same but	9	7	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	magic		NOUN	magic	it	it	67	Mother	Target_Child	it is magic	no it 's not magic	3	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	magic		NOUN	magic	it	it	67	Mother	Target_Child	it is magic	no it 's not magic	3	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	butthead		NOUN	butthead	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	yeah you are a butthead	no I 'm not a butthead	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	same		ADJ	same	they	they	66	Target_Child	Mother	they 're both the same	no they 're not the same or they 'd all stick	5	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	same	not	ADJ	same	they	they	66	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're not the same or they 'd all stick	no but I 'm talking about all of these these	11	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Linda		PROPN	Linda	NONE	NONE	70	Target_Child	Father	well Linda 's father 's sixty two	no he 's not honey	7	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	little	not	ADJ	little	he	he	69	Target_Child	Mother	he 's not little he 's big	no he 's not that big	7	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	69	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't like that that 's not nice	no I want you to stay with me	9	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	fine		ADJ	fine	one	one	69	Mother	Target_Child	this one is fine	no I do n't like it	4	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Chi		PROPN	Chi	NONE	NONE	66	Father	Target_Child	well what are we doing here we 're going through Chi 's kindergarten progress report	no I 'm trying to spell Tony Flecca	15	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pile		NOUN	pile	that	that	66	Target_Child	Mother	because that was in that pile	no it was n't	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hurl		NOUN	hurl	wind	wind	66	Father	Target_Child	is that the wind hurling howling	no it 's me	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	it	it	66	Target_Child	Mother	why in the bottom it why in the bottle it 's that color and then you pour it out it 's that color	no it 's the same color	23	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Chi		PROPN	Chi	that	that	66	Mother	Target_Child	that is gross Chi	no it ai n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spaghetti		NOUN	spaghetti	it	it	64	Mother	Target_Child	it is spaghetti	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ravioli	not	NOUN	ravioli	it	it	64	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not ravioli it 's spaghetti	no it 's not spaghetti	7	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	67	Mother	Target_Child	is it hot	no I do n't think so	3	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	64	Mother	Target_Child	that 's good	no it 's bad right	3	5	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	she	she	68	Target_Child	Mother	since she 's the oldest	no she 's the biggest	5	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish		NOUN	fish	they	they	67	Target_Child	Mother	were they real fish	no you saw them too	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	I I I I have three sisters a long long time ago when I was a baby	no you did n't have three sisters when you was a baby	17	12	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	Monday	Monday	66	Target_Child	Mother	but Tuesday we come back because Monday is Saint Patrick 's day	no it is n't	12	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	head	head	69	Target_Child	Father	your head is that big from here	no the further away you get from your eyes the bigger it 's gon ta look	7	16	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brat		NOUN	brat	he	he	66	Target_Child	Mother	he 's a stupid brat	no no that 's not nice Chi	5	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ma		PROPN	ma	it	it	71	Target_Child	Mother	is it new Ma	no that has just been in the pantry	4	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	I	I	71	Target_Child	Mother	you know what I never cried when I was a baby	no you never cried when you were a baby	11	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	they	they	62	Mother	Target_Child	are they the same color now	no it was pink	6	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing	not	NOUN	thing	that	that	68	Mother	Target_Child	well that 's not a very nice thing to do	no I I did n't this time	10	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	thirsty		ADJ	thirsty	I	I	63	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm thirsty	no you get your own to drink	3	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friendly	not	ADJ	friendly	they	they	66	Mother	Target_Child	they 're not friendly they 're gon ta take the elephant 's tusks	no they ai n't	13	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	planet		NOUN	planet	he	he	63	Mother	Target_Child	he does n't play with these guys because he 's from a different planet	no I 'm going to get Gumby	14	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	one	one	68	Mother	Target_Child	no that one 's for the dog	no sir it 's this one is for the dog	7	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	break+dancing	break+dance	69	Mother	Target_Child	what 's he break+dancing	no that 's he is would n't he did a somersault	4	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	square		NOUN	square	it	it	63	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a square	no this is this is a square okay	4	8	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	board		NOUN	board	this	this	70	Mother	Target_Child	well this is a board	no it is n't it 's paper	5	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one	n't	NOUN	one	these	this	65	Mother	Target_Child	these are n't the cheap ones huh	no but Mot this one is you know who huh	7	10	question	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Reese		PROPN	Reese	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Target_Child	so you 're making it Reese 's Cups	no it 's chocolate cups	8	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	he	he	66	Mother	Target_Child	pretend he is pretend he 's bigger	no that 's how small they really was	7	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spos	not	ADJ	spos	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	mommy you 're not spos ta do that you 're spos ta wash your hair	no no food for you	15	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	mad		ADJ	mad	he	he	46	Target_Child	Mother	he 's mad	no he 's scared	3	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pancake		NOUN	pancake	these	this	48	Father	Target_Child	are these my pancakes	no this is yours	4	4	question	declarative	HSLLD Zane	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beak		NOUN	beak	this	this	51	Target_Child	Mother	no maybe this is his beak	no I do n't think so	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	patient		ADJ	patient	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we can be patient boy	no I do n't want I do n't wan na	5	10	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Paul	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stove		NOUN	stove	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the stove	no that 's	4	3	declarative	trail	Morisset Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	snake	not	NOUN	snake	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a snake	no I do n't like him	5	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Tara	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	coffee		NOUN	coffee	that	that	30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's coffee I know	no it 's not coffee Babe	5	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Jennifer	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mama		NOUN	mama	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	and that 's his Mama and that 's	no that 's him	8	4	interruption	declarative	Morisset Tatum	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	raisin		NOUN	raisin	they	they	30	Target_Child	Mother	they 're raisins	no they 're chocolate+chips	3	4	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	is it time to go	no it 's not time to go yet	5	8	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	juice		NOUN	juice	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	it 's grape juice	no it 's apple juice if it 's juice	4	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	juice		NOUN	juice	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	it 's good apple juice	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	that	that	30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's my cookie	no there 's yours uh okay	4	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	not	PRON	it	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's not it	no that 's a clown	5	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	rabbit		NOUN	rabbit	it	it	39	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a rabbit	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	river		NOUN	river	he	he	39	Target_Child	Mother	he 's in the river	no he 's in the sand+box	5	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toilet		NOUN	toilet	it	it	39	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a toilet	no it 's a chair	4	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	juice		NOUN	juice	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	that 's apple juice	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	there that 's enough	no I want ta	4	4	declarative	trail	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	coffee		NOUN	coffee	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	because it 's coffee	no it 's not coffee	4	5	question	declarative	Morisset Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	camera		NOUN	camera	those	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	those are cameras too	no that 's not camera	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	this	this	30	Target_Child	Mother	is this a rocking chair	no it does n't rock does it	5	7	question	question	Morisset Rory	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	is it a rocking chair	no it 's just a plain chair	5	7	question	declarative	Morisset Rory	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a cookie in it	no it 's a cookie box	6	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Alisha	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	hair		NOUN	hair	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	you need those whiskers it 's like your hair or something or your eyelashes	no take it off nn	14	5	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	drum		NOUN	drum	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	is that a drum for Ana	no he can he can play with it	6	8	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spot		NOUN	spot	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	no I think that 's mommy 's spot	no is	8	2	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	you is it really really important to you	no it 's really important	8	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	fine		ADJ	fine	kids	kid	27	Mother	Target_Child	the kids are fine its you I 'm worried about	no I 'm not fine I 'm good	10	8	declarative	declarative	Bliss Marjorie	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're probably right	no it 's a squirrel	4	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jaja		PROPN	Jaja	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	Jaja is that Jaja the acrobat	no that 's Jaja with her long hair	6	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sandwich		NOUN	sandwich	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	is that an egg sandwich like you had at lunchtime	no it 's cheese	10	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	long	not	ADJ	long	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not a that 's not a long that 's not a big field	no it 's not	15	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	foot		NOUN	foot	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	they 're his feet are n't they	no they 're not feet really	7	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spaghetti		NOUN	spaghetti	this	this	42	Target_Child	Mother	is this spaghetti	no I think those are chips	3	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	42	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's right	no thank you mummy	4	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's to make a noise is it	no it does n't make a noise	8	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	elephant		NOUN	elephant	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's an elephant	no it 's a monkey	6	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big	not	ADJ	big	one	one	32	Mother	Target_Child	our one at home 's not as big as that is it	no it 's not	12	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	tea		NOUN	tea	that	that	32	Mother	Target_Child	is that tea	no it 's erm erm glass of wine	3	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	are you a bit tired	no you the cat	5	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	banana	not	NOUN	banana	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a banana is it	no I 'm moving this over to my plate	7	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	magic	n't	NOUN	magic	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	plasters are magic are n't they	no he 's got no plasters on so put a plaster on him	6	13	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	allergic		ADJ	allergic	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	nah I 'm allergic to cats	no you are Daddy	6	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a house for a cat	no it 's a small house for a cat	7	9	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not nice	no it 's a hand print	4	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's the black and white cat	no it 's that goes moo	7	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	is it a nice sunny day	no I could play with these cars	6	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fruit	not	NOUN	fruit	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh that 's not fruit	no it 's we 're having dinner	5	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	place		NOUN	place	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a strange place to put a car	no no cars go on the path	9	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's your cat	no it 's it 's your office cat	4	8	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rocket		NOUN	rocket	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a space rocket	no it it it is a space rocket	5	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	reason		NOUN	reason	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	yes it 's also the reason you 're here today	no that 's a carpet	10	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	tractor	tractor	35	Mother	Target_Child	what 's Bob_The_Builder 's tractor for	no is your tractor fit in right here	6	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	story	not	NOUN	story	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a story	no I tell you a song	5	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	is that it	no that 's a chicken on a stick	3	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mum		NOUN	mum	dog	dog	40	Target_Child	Mother	is that big dog smaller mum	no I think its probably bigger	6	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	animal		NOUN	animal	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	they 're farm animals	no there not from farms	4	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	cup	cup	37	Mother	Target_Child	your cup of tea is n't it	no it not the cup of tea	7	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	door		NOUN	door	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a door is n't it	no this not the doors	7	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bit		NOUN	bit	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh the park 's there that would be your favorite bit would n't it	no me not going the park	14	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy	not	NOUN	daddy	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	not that 's a daddy there	no this daddy	6	3	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	neigh	neigh	37	Mother	Target_Child	neigh is n't it	no it say	4	3	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	telly		NOUN	telly	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a big telly is n't it	no is n't	8	3	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	picture		NOUN	picture	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a big picture	no it 's a telly	5	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	he	he	45	Mother	Target_Child	was he good	no he keep saying naughty words	3	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	it 's like your hamster 's wheel is n't it	no it is n't	10	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	that	that	45	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a cat	no that 's a dog	4	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cup		NOUN	cup	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	oh that 's my cup	no there	5	2	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nothing	not	PRON	nothing	it	it	35	Father	Target_Child	it 's not nothing is it	no it 's not noth	6	5	question	trail	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	pussycat		NOUN	pussycat	that	that	35	Father	Target_Child	is that a pussycat	no this this like to stand	4	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tablet		NOUN	tablet	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	is it like a tablet	no it 's like this	5	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	medicine		NOUN	medicine	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	is that sausage medicine	no that 's only a sausage	4	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	office		NOUN	office	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's an office or something like that	no this is the office	10	5	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	helicopter		NOUN	helicopter	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	is that a special helicopter there	no that 's a spe no that 's a special house there	6	12	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	oh I want Mommy 's bed+room	no no no I have them right here	6	8	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	well that 's good	no he just take me	4	5	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	people		NOUN	people	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	that 's for big people and you 're still kinda little	no I am big	11	4	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	he	he	33	Target_Child	Mother	here he 's a boy	no that 's a girl	5	5	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Bug		PROPN	Bug	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	Tweedle Bug are you a Tweedle Bug	no these are Tweedle Bug	7	5	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	she	she	34	Target_Child	Mother	i i is she a girl	no I think that 's still Oscar	6	7	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's blue	no I do n't think it 's blue	5	8	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	that	that	35	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the driver right there	no no this guy is here	6	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	David		PROPN	David	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	but I 'm not going to David 's today	no I 'm talking about the other Adam	9	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	glove		NOUN	glove	what	what	57	Mother	Target_Child	what 's with the one glove	no I have two	6	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Von	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	track		NOUN	track	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	no see see it goes it 's off track	no it 's not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you 're being silly	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	head		NOUN	head	head	head	57	Target_Child	Mother	is my head just like the werewolf 's head	no your head is not just like the werewolf 's head	9	11	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old	not	ADJ	old	Dan	Dan	57	Target_Child	Mother	Dan 's not older than me	no he 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Eloana		PROPN	Eloana	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you 're Eloana	no I 'm not	3	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	that	that	57	Father	Target_Child	that 's enough	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh well then you 'll haf ta put it in you 're ah basement jacket pocket	no it 's not	16	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	part		NOUN	part	it	it	57	Target_Child	Father	it 's part of a house	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nobody		PRON	nobody	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	and I 'm putting nobody else 's name on that	no do n't put anybody else 's name on that it belongs to you	10	14	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's alright I still do n't haf ta pick them up	no that lobster was that was the lobster that was useta be alive somebody killed it	12	16	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	57	Mother	Target_Child	what was this on tv	no it was in the store it was not a toy it was the real thing	5	16	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real		ADJ	real	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	uhuh that 's real	no see because if a car ran over Steven he would be dead	4	13	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you	n't	PRON	you	that	that	57	Father	Target_Child	that was n't you	no it was him	4	4	question	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	favorite		NOUN	favorite	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	is it my favorite	no I said it 's oil and vinegar which is one of your favorites	4	14	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	eyebrow		NOUN	eyebrow	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Father	my mouth and my nose and my eyes and my ow eyebrows	no it does fit	12	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	large		ADJ	large	it	it	57	Father	Target_Child	it 's too large it fits it 's too big	no it still fits	10	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's blue	no this is a Karmen Ghia	4	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	this	this	57	Mother	Target_Child	no Zoie this is it	no it is n't I do n't think	5	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a long way to walk down	no it is n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dry		ADJ	dry	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	is it is it dry yet	no it takes a while Chris	6	6	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rocket+ship		NOUN	rocket+ship	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	well we 're pretending they 're green rocket+ships	no they 're really	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a big one	no that 's a little bitty big one	5	8	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time	not	NOUN	time	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not the first time you put them on	no but mom one is on the floor	10	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	story		NOUN	story	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	after the story 's read	no I want it aw	5	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Remi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Kip		PROPN	Kip	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Kip Ford	no thanks my name	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's me an aez me	no that 's frank	6	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	soft		ADJ	soft	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	when they 're too soft	no I do n't like them when they 're too sour	5	11	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	Eddie	Eddie	57	Target_Child	Mother	you mean um big tough Eddie is bigger and god	no I did n't think anybody 's bigger than god	10	10	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	telephone		NOUN	telephone	he	he	57	Mother	Target_Child	he 's on the telephone	no he 's not	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not nice	no it was n't very nice	4	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it is that cold	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Lynette	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	was that a good thing to do	no I did n't really do it either	7	8	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	skoowuhl		NOUN	skoowuhl	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	yesterday was there was no skoowuhl	no yesterday was when you had the party	6	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bus	not	NOUN	bus	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not our bus	no that 's not it	5	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	but that 's the way we do it	no listen are you listening to me on your next turn you go straight see the arrows pointing this way	8	20	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	red		ADJ	red	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	which am I I 'm red	no you 're blue you said you were gon ta be the blue guy	6	14	question	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a boy in my school	no but you got Derwood up here and you got Carl down here now which one is which	7	18	declarative	question	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Friday		PROPN	Friday	birthday	birthday	57	Father	Target_Child	your birthday is on a friday	no Eaton 's birthday	6	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	this	this	57	Target_Child	Mother	is this it	no I need a safety pin like the got	3	9	trail	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	choo	choo	57	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta make you deafer than what choo are	no but I do n't like it	11	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dinner		NOUN	dinner	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's for dinner	no please just a little bit of it	4	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	wait just a minute little girl it 's my turn	no I no I 'm first	10	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	basement		NOUN	basement	cat	cat	57	Father	Child	the cat 's in the basement	no I thought your foot was going	6	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	home		PROPN	home	Avis	Avis	57	Mother	Child	Avis is Yvonne home	no she 's babysitting	4	4	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fair	not	ADJ	fair	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not fair she 's been looking in people 's hand look how many matches she got	no no she 's not looking in your hand	18	9	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	go back to bed I was tired	no you going to bed early tonight	7	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	open		ADJ	open	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's open	no they 're each one is individually wrapped	4	8	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you were a bad boy	no I did n't do anything	5	6	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Steven		PROPN	Steven	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	I 'll have Steven 's sausage	no I do n't any	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Popeye		PROPN	Popeye	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I 'm Popeye the sailor man	no you 're not	6	4	declarative	trail	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	Steven that 's silly	no I want you to miss	4	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's cold	no that 's nothing	3	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's the same thing	no I 'm not finished	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	that 's alright I 'll dats o	no it 's not alright	7	5	trail	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clown		NOUN	clown	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	we 'll pu I 'll be th I 'll be the little clown	no no you 're spos ta watch it not participate in it	13	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	54	Mother	Target_Child	what kinda car is that	no this is not a car	5	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	beads	bead	54	Target_Child	Mother	and mouses are fr the beads are the mouse 's friends	no they think he 's the one that was stealing it inna beginning	11	13	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	free		ADJ	free	mouses	mouse	54	Target_Child	Mother	n mouses are free now	no those are little baby bears	5	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	is that	no he he ca n't eat with us	2	8	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mickey		PROPN	Mickey	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	that 's Mickey mouse	no that 's goofy	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Macdonald		PROPN	Macdonald	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	no in Macdonald 's	no we put the tv back in the other room	4	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	garbage	not	NOUN	garbage	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not my garbage your garbage it came from your raisins	no it 's not no no	12	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sun		NOUN	sun	that	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's de sun	no this is you	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	street		NOUN	street	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's right across the street	no not right across the street	6	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	warm		ADJ	warm	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	no because you will be too warm in this inside	no I wo n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cream		NOUN	cream	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	is that ice cream	no it 's a nice filling but those are for to eat	4	12	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a cookie with filling in	no it is n't	7	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	what is what is this going through it	no it is n't there is no	8	7	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tricky		ADJ	tricky	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's tricky	no I 'm not I 'm not being tricky	3	9	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	period		NOUN	period	it	it	57	Father	Target_Child	it 's a short period of time	no I ca n't do that	7	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	dat	that	57	Target_Child	Father	but what is dat for me	no it 's not for you	6	6	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	daddy 's	no yours	2	2	declarative	question	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea		NOUN	idea	that	that	57	Father	Target_Child	is that the idea	no no he did n't say	4	6	question	trail	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you 're hungry to day because you had no snack huh	no I had some at school	11	6	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	that	that	57	Father	Target_Child	that 's an awfully long time Joe maybe before then	no I mean when I 'm five okay	10	8	declarative	question	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	pick another one I 'm tired of that	no I want this book	8	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sharp		ADJ	sharp	shell	shell	57	Mother	Target_Child	the shell is sharp	no it 's hot	4	4	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Julia		PROPN	Julia	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think of Julia 's birthday cake	no you did n't	9	4	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	hey it 's ready	no I want you to	4	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fair	not	ADJ	fair	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	but that 's not fair Gabriella because you have it	no we 're playing a game	10	6	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	brother	n't	NOUN	brother	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that was n't my brother	no pretend he was your brother	5	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's wake up time	no it ai n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Graeme		PROPN	Graeme	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	Graeme 's gon ta come with us	no Graeme 's coming back later before you go to bed	7	11	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	interesting		ADJ	interesting	that	that	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's interesting	no first you haf ta get it out and you haf ta put it on me	3	16	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	red		NOUN	red	that	that	57	Target_Child	Mother	okay here that 's the red	no that one has a lot of blue in it	6	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's hoody doody time	no I now sing	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bottle		NOUN	bottle	meis	meis	57	Target_Child	Father	is meis still in dose bottles	no there 's no more medicine in here they 're all gone	6	12	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	it	it	57	Target_Child	Father	I 'm trying to get him away from that you said it was bad for	no no once it 's in there	15	7	trail	trail	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plastic		ADJ	plastic	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	but it 's hard plastic	no but it does n't have any sharp edges does it	5	11	declarative	question	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	person		NOUN	person	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a person today not an elephant I 'm still a person come on	no you 're a elephant	15	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Julia		PROPN	Julia	that	that	57	Father	Target_Child	is that your s second apple Julia or your first	no my first	10	3	question	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	bird		NOUN	bird	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a big bird	no that 's a penguin	5	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	night		NOUN	night	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he had a good night 's sleep	no I think I think him going to go to sleep again with his bunny rabbit	10	16	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	meat		NOUN	meat	this	this	33	Mother	Target_Child	this is mince mince steak meat	no I want some	6	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puter		NOUN	puter	am	be	35	Target_Child	Mother	am am a puter	no not a computer	4	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	short		ADJ	short	it	it	38	Target_Child	Mother	it 's short	no it 's long	3	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nose		NOUN	nose	David	David	31	Mother	Target_Child	David is your nose running	no it is n't	5	4	question	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	44	Mother	Target_Child	what is it	no that 's it	3	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish		NOUN	fish	they	they	44	Target_Child	Mother	are they your your fish	no they 're yours	5	4	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time	not	NOUN	time	it	it	44	Mother	Target_Child	no is it not near time for your bath	no it 's not	9	4	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Sweep		PROPN	Sweep	that	that	44	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Sweep	no that 's	3	3	question	trail	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tomorrow		NOUN	tomorrow	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	tomorrow 's toy day	no pretend this is toy day	4	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	horsie		NOUN	horsie	he	he	52	Target_Child	Mother	he 's a black horsie	no he 's not he 's brown	5	7	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cool		ADJ	cool	your	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	is your cool yet	no you can see the steam	4	6	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rascal		NOUN	rascal	she	she	52	Mother	Target_Child	is she a bad rascal	no she is n't	5	4	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	p		NOUN	p	that	that	53	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the P Two	no the one that Peter 's in	5	7	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	p		NOUN	p	that	that	53	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's P Three	no that 's P Two love	5	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	love		NOUN	love	that	that	53	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's P Two love	no there 's one two three	6	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sore		ADJ	sore	that	that	40	Target_Child	Mother	that be sore	no I do n't think that would be sore	3	9	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you	no I 'm back to get my stuff	2	8	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	was I at school today	no sure you do n't go today	5	7	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold	not	ADJ	cold	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	is it not too cold for him	no he 's got his hat on	7	7	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	o'clock		NOUN	o'clock	it	it	49	Mother	Target_Child	he threw up until it must have been about one o'clock in the morning	no no forty clock	14	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	knights	Knight	54	Target_Child	Mother	mm knights are bad	no they 're not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nicole	not	PROPN	Nicole	it	it	34	Father	Target_Child	Nicola oh it 's not Nicole	no I say Nic	6	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	red		ADJ	red	he	he	34	Father	Target_Child	was he red	no um um um	3	4	question	trail	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	funny	not	ADJ	funny	it	it	34	Father	Target_Child	it 's not funny not wolves	no not them hind you now at the granny could in my house	6	13	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	country		NOUN	country	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	it 's all these countries with different themes and different rides and kids things and shows	no my daddy did my daddy did my daddy did n't like it	16	13	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	Snoopy		PROPN	Snoopy	that	that	21	Mother	Target_Child	is that Snoopy	no that puppy	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	this	this	24	Target_Child	Mother	this is for me	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	NONE	NONE	23	Father	Target_Child	there it is	no we have put those in first	3	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	but if you cry it 's then time to take nap	no I go stay down here	11	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pizzeroni	not	NOUN	pizzeroni	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not pizzeroni	no that 's pizzeroni	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	pizzeroni		NOUN	pizzeroni	that	that	25	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's pizzeroni	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Cromer		PROPN	Cromer	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	Sue I can wear Cromer 's glasses	no you do n't wear them	7	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	this	this	25	Target_Child	Mother	oh this is hot	no it 's not hot	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kind		NOUN	kind	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	is that a new kind of grape juice	no it 's a new jar	8	6	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cart		NOUN	cart	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a cart	no it is n't I said	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Papa		PROPN	Papa	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	Sue is that Papa	no that 's not Papa	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea		NOUN	idea	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	now that 's a good idea	no I can read the stories to me	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Cathy		PROPN	Cathy	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	Cathy 's big	no she little	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Margaret		PROPN	Margaret	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	that some of Margaret Keller 's	no that 's not some of Margaret Keller 's	6	9	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	when I big I am man	no you 'll never be a man	6	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	paper		NOUN	paper	this	this	27	Mother	Target_Child	this is my paper here	no my paper	5	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shine		NOUN	shine	sun	sun	28	Mother	Target_Child	well is the sun shining	no the sun shining	5	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	flag		NOUN	flag	that	that	28	Mother	Target_Child	is that a flag	no a flag	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you tired Adam	no I do n't wan na sit seat	4	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PROPN	that	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	dat 's milk	no bring it back	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	this	this	32	Target_Child	Mother	what this is car	no that 's not a car	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rocket		NOUN	rocket	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that a rocket	no no no steam shovel	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that still a train	no do n't you dare hear it	5	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	dat	that	33	Target_Child	Mother	dat 's right	no that 's not right either	3	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Robin		PROPN	Robin	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	Robin 's	no it 's David 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Robin		PROPN	Robin	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	Robin 's	no it 's David 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mailman		NOUN	mailman	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you the mailman	no I Adam	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		NOUN	right	dat	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	a king dat 's right	no that 's a queen	5	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	because it 's dirty	no it 's not dirty	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fighting		NOUN	fighting	dis	dis	38	Target_Child	Mother	dis is for fighting	no that 's not a sword that 's a knife	4	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what this is	no a hatso	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	way	way	39	Target_Child	Mother	dat way is dis way	no you can put it in a little further	5	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	key	n't	NOUN	key	dis	dis	39	Target_Child	Mother	dis is n't a key	no no do n't push it in	5	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	dat	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	dat 's right	no no careful Adam	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	it	it	40	Target_Child	Mother	is it a toy	no it 's a real shell	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mrs		PROPN	Mrs	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	Mrs Major 's street	no we took Paul to the doctor yesterday did n't we	4	11	declarative	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	that	that	40	Target_Child	Mother	who 's that a doctor	no that was Daddy	5	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	line	not	NOUN	line	dis	dis	41	Target_Child	Mother	dis is not in de line	no that 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	funny	not	ADJ	funny	that	that	41	Target_Child	Mother	is that not funny	no not at all	4	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	41	Target_Child	Mother	you ca n't go dat way because it is cold	no no Adam	10	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Paul		PROPN	Paul	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	did I blow it in Paul 's face	no it did n't go there	8	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lucky		ADJ	lucky	Ducky	Ducky	41	Target_Child	Mother	is Ducky Lucky	no that 's the ugly duckling who turned out to be what	3	12	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bead		NOUN	bead	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	is that bead	no that 's where the acorn hit him and he went to tell the king	3	15	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	dat	that	41	Target_Child	Mother	what is dat a sailboat	no I do n't think that 's a sailboat	5	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wrong		ADJ	wrong	this	this	41	Target_Child	Mother	this were wrong	no it was right but it fell on its tail	3	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	black		ADJ	black	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	is dis black	no the paper is	3	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	uniform		NOUN	uniform	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	is a uniform I telling you	no you 're asking me	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	part		NOUN	part	dis	dis	41	Target_Child	Mother	dis is the part	no the other part	4	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	large		ADJ	large	hand	hand	41	Target_Child	Mother	my hand is too large too	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	dese	dese	42	Target_Child	Mother	hey what are dese	no no do n't tear it off	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	channel		NOUN	channel	dose	dose	42	Target_Child	Mother	number six dose are channel two	no this is channel two	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	dis	dis	44	Target_Child	Mother	is dis de wrong way	no I do n't think that 's the wrong way	5	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	riding		NOUN	riding	horse	horse	44	Mother	Target_Child	your horse is for riding Adam	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	water	water	44	Target_Child	Mother	what is dat water	no that 's the path or perhaps that 's a cement walk where you walk up to the house so you wo n't get on the grass	4	27	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dose		NOUN	dose	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	are dose his mouth	no those are his claws	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	skunk		NOUN	skunk	it	it	44	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a skunk	no he 's got something around his eyes	4	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	44	Target_Child	Mother	you tell me what it is	no you tell me what it is	6	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lamb		NOUN	lamb	that	that	44	Mother	Target_Child	is that a baby lamb	no it 's a cow	5	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wolf		NOUN	wolf	Mommy	Mommy	44	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy is dis a wolf	no I think it 's really a dog	5	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ball		NOUN	ball	this	this	44	Target_Child	Mother	no this is my bowling ball	no this is mine	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Baby_Bear		PROPN	Baby_Bear	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	she 's breaking Baby_Bear 's chair	no you look at it	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	are teachers in it	no not today	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gun		NOUN	gun	that	that	45	Mother	Target_Child	is that a new style gun	no it 's a bullet gun	6	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	is dis a toy	no that 's a string for what	4	7	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wheel		NOUN	wheel	this	this	47	Mother	Target_Child	is this the right wheels	no dat 's not de right wheels	5	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	he	he	48	Mother	Target_Child	he 's a dangerous driver	no he is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dose		NOUN	dose	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Mother	are dose for me	no you have that and Paul is playing with that	4	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	duck		NOUN	duck	brown	brown	48	Mother	Target_Child	is that brown one a duck too	no it is n't	7	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dis		PROPN	dis	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Mother	is dis de black one	no no he 's not bothering you	5	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rest		NOUN	rest	it	it	48	Mother	Target_Child	it 's like a foot rest	no it is n't like a foot rest	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lobster		NOUN	lobster	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	are dey lobster	no not lobster	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	boat	boat	49	Target_Child	Mother	you know what a grabby boat is	no I do n't know what a grabby boat is	7	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	49	Mother	Target_Child	it 's your turn	no it 's your turn	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fingerpaint		ADJ	fingerpaint	dat	that	49	Target_Child	Mother	dat is so fingerpaint	no it 's not fingerpaint	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	horse		NOUN	horse	everybody	everybody	50	Target_Child	Mother	everybody was on a horse	no you said	5	3	declarative	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a screw driver	no dat 's a screw	5	5	declarative	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dis		ADJ	dis	what	what	50	Target_Child	Mother	what 's dis for in case you needa take it off	no I do n't think that would work	11	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tiger		NOUN	tiger	Daddy	Daddy	52	Target_Child	Mother	and Daddy 's a daddy tiger	no Diandra do n't put them down there	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Adam		PROPN	Adam	that	that	52	Mother	Target_Child	Paul no that 's Adam 's	no that 's yours Mommy	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	umbrella		NOUN	umbrella	that	that	53	Mother	Target_Child	that 's my umbrella	no you gon ta get under mines	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece		NOUN	piece	that	that	53	Mother	Target_Child	that 's his piece of paper and his pen	no my pen	9	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pen		NOUN	pen	it	it	53	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's my pen	no it 's my pen	5	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	supposed to be my pen Mommy	no dear he has this pen	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm very tired of putting dis tape in dere	no no Paul Smith	10	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	peacock	not	NOUN	peacock	that	that	54	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a peacock	no I 'm talking about this	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Paul		PROPN	Paul	that	that	52	Mother	Target_Child	that was Paul	no it was n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	now I 'm ready to draw	no no this is for Adam	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ursula		PROPN	Ursula	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	yes rich with Ursula 's toys	no now we 're not gon ta take her toys	6	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	it	it	55	Mother	Target_Child	is it a dog	no I do n't have no dog	4	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	goat		NOUN	goat	that	that	55	Mother	Target_Child	is that a goat	no here 's a goat	4	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	duck		NOUN	duck	those	that	55	Mother	Target_Child	Adam Smith those are ducks	no they are n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	circle		NOUN	circle	NONE	NONE	62	Mother	Target_Child	you were n't spos ta be in the circle	no I was spos ta be in the circle and the teacher said I was nice	9	16	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're getting to be a big girl now	no Mummy you put way now	9	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book		NOUN	book	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't break the book that 's a nice book	no a nice book	10	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Annie		PROPN	Annie	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	no you 're Orphan Annie	no you Orphanz Annie	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm hungry	no I hungry	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	dollie	dollie	33	Mother	Target_Child	the dollie 's hungry	no I hungry	4	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	he 's my friend	no he my friend	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doll		NOUN	doll	that	that	36	Father	Target_Child	that was Mommy 's doll	no my doll	5	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hurt		NOUN	hurt	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	because it is hurts	no I wo n't scratch it	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jo		PROPN	Jo	name	name	38	Mother	Target_Child	his name is Jo ann	no she Elenore	5	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	name	n't	NOUN	name	Petunia	Petunia	39	Mother	Target_Child	Petunia is n't that his girl+friend 's name	no e Yuna	8	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	q		NOUN	q	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a q	no that 's an r	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a red Mommy	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	it	it	40	Mother	Target_Child	it 's in your room Sarah	no it is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	that	that	40	Target_Child	Mother	hey that 's my daddy	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	it	it	40	Mother	Target_Child	it 's in your room	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	this	this	41	Target_Child	Mother	this is uh Kent 's birthday	no it 's not Kent 's birthday	6	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bone		NOUN	bone	it	it	41	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a crazy bone I think	no it 's not crazy foam you think	7	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	it	it	42	Mother	Target_Child	it 's like school	no I did n't get a	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blind		ADJ	blind	she	she	43	Target_Child	Mother	is she blind	no not yet	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	this	this	43	Target_Child	Mother	this is daddy	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	that	that	43	Mother	Target_Child	there that 's your name	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	magic		NOUN	magic	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to be magic	no you 're going be magic	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sunday		PROPN	Sunday	this	this	45	Target_Child	Mother	this is Sunday	no this is Tuesday	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Tuesday		PROPN	Tuesday	this	this	45	Mother	Target_Child	no this is Tuesday	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	45	Mother	Target_Child	that 's it	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	minute	n't	NOUN	minute	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I wo n't be in few minutes	no not even in a few minutes	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	filthy		ADJ	filthy	it	it	46	Father	Target_Child	it 's filthy	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Aunt_Dot		PROPN	Aunt_Dot	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	you were up to Aunt_Dot 's	no sir	6	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crazy		ADJ	crazy	he	he	46	Target_Child	Father	is he crazy	no he 's not crazy	3	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sarah		PROPN	Sarah	that	that	46	Target_Child	Father	that 's Sarah Griffiths	no what 's your name	4	5	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	orange		ADJ	orange	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you 're orange	no I not	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	MacDonald		PROPN	MacDonald	you	you	46	Target_Child	Father	are you Old MacDonald	no I 'm Donald	4	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brother		NOUN	brother	I	I	46	Father	Target_Child	I am the I 'm I 'm a baby brother	no you 're not	10	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	this	this	46	Target_Child	Father	is this it	no that 's a girl	3	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	this	this	46	Target_Child	Father	is this it	no that 's a girl	3	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	this	this	46	Target_Child	Mother	is this is the boy	no that 's the father	5	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Grampy		PROPN	Grampy	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the Grampy	no dat 's the uh momma	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	one	one	46	Target_Child	Mother	and this one 's blue	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	popsicle		NOUN	popsicle	it	it	46	Target_Child	Mother	this blue it 's from the popsicle	no it is n't from the popsicle	7	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dress		NOUN	dress	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a dress	no this is	4	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monkey		NOUN	monkey	this	this	49	Target_Child	Mother	this is monkeys	no it 's a life+preserver	3	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	hen	hen	50	Target_Child	Mother	that hen was too big for me	no Sarah it 's a turkey	7	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toothpaste		NOUN	toothpaste	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Mighty White toothpaste and Donald Duck soup	no the soup	9	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	for		PROPN	for	that	that	50	Target_Child	Mother	that 's an f	no this is an f	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	party		NOUN	party	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	is it gon ta be a party	no we 're not gon ta have a party	7	9	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	father		NOUN	father	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	yeah your father 's maid too I guess huh	no you go like that when you make a flower	9	10	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	thing	thing	51	Target_Child	Father	what 's that thing up in his head	no that 's his tail	8	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	squirrel		NOUN	squirrel	it	it	51	Target_Child	Father	it 's a squirrel	no it looks like a squirrel there remember because it has clothes on	4	13	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	who are you and what are you	no the other one	7	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cracker		NOUN	cracker	these	this	54	Target_Child	Mother	these are crackers	no not on those crackers	3	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	c		PROPN	c	that	that	54	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a c	no it ai n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	c		PROPN	c	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	c a r	no that spells car c a r	3	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	c		PROPN	c	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	c a r car	no a a car that moves like Uncle_Buster 's	4	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	they	they	55	Target_Child	Mother	are they hard a little bit	no they 're scrumptious	6	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rabbit		NOUN	rabbit	a	a	56	Target_Child	Mother	a is for rabbit	no but it could be part of his name	4	9	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	sure you are	no sir	3	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	funny		ADJ	funny	you	you	58	Target_Child	Father	oh Daddy you 're funny	no I 'm not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fat		ADJ	fat	you	you	58	Father	Target_Child	you 're so fat	no I ai n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	little		ADJ	little	I	I	58	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm a little	no not with the ball	4	5	trail	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	when you were about two years old	no sir	7	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	name	name	58	Target_Child	Mother	what 's your name	no do n't yell in it	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beach		NOUN	beach	NONE	NONE	59	Target_Child	Mother	I think Laurie is going be down the beach	no honey I think if Laurie was coming she 'd be there by now	9	14	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Miss		PROPN	Miss	Gail	Gail	59	Mother	Target_Child	remember last night about the Miss and the Mrs well Gail 's a Miss just like you	no I ai n't	17	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	it	it	59	Father	Target_Child	it 's a mean old cat is n't it	no it ai n't	9	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	McDonald		PROPN	McDonald	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	you 're an Old McDonald	no I not	5	3	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Oliver		PROPN	Oliver	NONE	NONE	28	Father	Target_Child	or are you gon ta take Oliver 's picture	no I 'm gon ta take yours	9	7	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	policeman		NOUN	policeman	we	we	28	Target_Child	Father	where we 're da policeman dwived da airplane	no the pilot drives the airplane	8	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	broccoli		NOUN	broccoli	this	this	28	Father	Target_Child	no this is broccoli	no it 's	4	3	declarative	trail	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	there it is	no I will put it on	3	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	33	Father	Target_Child	it 's almost time to go to bed	no I do n't want do go a bed	8	9	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lemon		NOUN	lemon	this	this	33	Father	Target_Child	is this the lemon	no that 's not lemon	4	5	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pumpkin		NOUN	pumpkin	this	this	33	Father	Target_Child	and this is pumpkin	no that 's for me to lick	4	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cream		NOUN	cream	this	this	33	Father	Target_Child	this is lemon custard ice cream	no I 'm I 'm eating all up in me	6	10	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	number		NOUN	number	this	this	33	Father	Target_Child	this is a number seven	no I can	5	3	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ship		NOUN	ship	she	she	33	Father	Target_Child	she was on a ship	no she was on an airpwane	5	6	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	okay		ADJ	okay	that	that	33	Father	Target_Child	is that okay	no it 's not okay	3	5	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dark		ADJ	dark	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	oh it was too dark outside	no I I 'm not on the play+ground	6	8	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	record		NOUN	record	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm go t I 'm a go get de other record	no let 's stay right here	12	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Anny		PROPN	Anny	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	Anny Barber 's	no not Auntie Barbara	3	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	black		ADJ	black	they	they	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought they were black	no they 're not black	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	now it Daddy 's turn	no it 's mommy 's turn	5	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	home		NOUN	home	Gramma	Gramma	31	Mother	Target_Child	see if Gramma Davis is at home	no no let me put dese bawk in	7	8	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	work		NOUN	work	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh she 's at work	no let me call at work	5	6	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Reva		PROPN	Reva	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's Reva	no uh	4	2	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gun		NOUN	gun	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a new gun	no it 's a ruler	5	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	this	this	33	Mother	Target_Child	is this the driver	no he	4	2	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	purple		ADJ	purple	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	are they purple	no they 're blue	3	4	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clean		ADJ	clean	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	is it all clean	no it 's not all clean	4	6	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	he	he	33	Target_Child	Mother	what 's he	no the chiefs up on the top	3	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	oblong		ADJ	oblong	it	it	26	Father	Target_Child	it 's the oblong	no not da one	4	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	Saturday		PROPN	Saturday	tomorrow	tomorrow	29	Father	Target_Child	well yeah tomorrow is saturday	no it 's a sunday	5	5	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	I think you are pretty tired hon	no see my eyes are not closed	7	7	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	no you you 'd like to be the grocery man	no I can I can n't get it	10	8	question	declarative	Gleason Bobby	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	deep	n't	ADJ	deep	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it was n't very deep was it Charlie	no it was n't very deep Dad	8	7	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	this	this	36	Father	Target_Child	who is this	no I want say bye to him	3	7	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what Dr Bumble 's gon ta do for you	no I do n't want Dr	11	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nickel		NOUN	nickel	it	it	35	Father	Target_Child	is it a nickel	no it 's not	4	4	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	question		NOUN	question	that	that	35	Father	Target_Child	that 's the question	no I 'm not gon ta put them back on	4	10	declarative	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	I	I	62	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm I I 'm through	no honey you sit there til we 're through okay	6	10	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	62	Father	Target_Child	that 's it	no it goes like this	3	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	it	it	62	Target_Child	Father	it 's the other way	no that 's the right way	5	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	62	Target_Child	Father	is it	no the other way	2	4	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	that	that	62	Target_Child	Father	ah that 's all the things	no you got some more things there	6	7	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	62	Mother	Target_Child	that 's it	no it 's this way	3	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	this	this	62	Target_Child	Mother	or this is the way	no I think you had it right the first time	5	10	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	you	you	62	Mother	Target_Child	you were right	no the other way	3	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	that	that	42	Target_Child	Father	that 's bad	no she 's not bad	3	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cup		NOUN	cup	it	it	42	Mother	Target_Child	it 's your cup now and I want you to drink it please	no I not thirsty anymore	13	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wrong		ADJ	wrong	Mommy	mommy	42	Mother	Target_Child	Mommy was wrong	no now now can we put this back in	3	9	declarative	question	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nickel		NOUN	nickel	this	this	59	Target_Child	Father	this is a nickel	no that 's a quarter	4	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	this	this	59	Target_Child	Mother	is this a toy	no it 's real	4	4	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	this	this	59	Target_Child	Mother	is this a toy	no that 's real	4	4	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	this	this	59	Target_Child	Mother	is this a toy	no I think that 's real	4	6	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Johnny		PROPN	Johnny	that	that	38	Target_Child	Father	that 's poor Johnny	no I have n't seen the newspaper yet	4	8	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	policeman		NOUN	policeman	this	this	38	Father	Target_Child	is this a policeman	no that 's a girl	4	5	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it is	no no do n't just take	6	6	question	trail	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bunny		NOUN	bunny	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	is it a bunny	no it 's not a bunny	4	6	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie	n't	NOUN	cookie	these	this	39	Mother	Target_Child	these are n't the cookies	no they 're	5	3	declarative	declarative	Gleason Olivia	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cabinet		NOUN	cabinet	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a cabinet	no it 's not a cabinet	4	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cabinet		NOUN	cabinet	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a cabinet	no honey it is n't a cabinet	4	7	declarative	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Father	dis is de driver	no what 's that called	4	5	declarative	question	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tire		NOUN	tire	that	that	50	Father	Target_Child	that 's the spare tire	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Theresa	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	Daddy	Daddy	28	Target_Child	Father	Daddy is this hot	no it 's cool it 's the salad	4	8	question	declarative	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 're hungry	no it 's hot	3	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	empty		ADJ	empty	they	they	27	Mother	Target_Child	they 're all empty	no nere not	4	3	declarative	declarative	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Stacy		PROPN	Stacy	NONE	NONE	53	Father	Target_Child	was Stacy	no she	2	2	question	trail	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	expensive		ADJ	expensive	they	they	51	Father	Target_Child	maybe cause they 're so expensive	no they do n't cost much money	6	7	question	declarative	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jack		NOUN	jack	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll be the jack	no this is the jack	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grocer		NOUN	grocer	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	now I 'm the grocer	no why do n't we do the book	5	8	declarative	declarative	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	strong		ADJ	strong	he	he	27	Father	Target_Child	oh is he strong	no he is strong	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	n't	ADJ	good	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	would n't that be good	no turn it on	5	4	question	declarative	Gleason William	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	story	story	27	Father	Target_Child	tell the tell the machine what Rags story is	no you turn it on	9	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	register		NOUN	register	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the cash register	no that 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cup		NOUN	cup	that	that	33	Father	Target_Child	is that a cup	no this is dis is just milk	4	7	question	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tire		NOUN	tire	it	it	43	Target_Child	Mother	well it 's tires	no you just took the tires off	4	7	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	he	he	43	Target_Child	Mother	is is he a baby	no I think he 's kinda tired out so they put him in the carriage I guess	5	17	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scared	n't	ADJ	scared	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	you were n't scared	no I was surprised	4	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	bread		NOUN	bread	that	that	21	Mother	Target_Child	is that bread to make a sandwich	no a pumpkin	7	3	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	21	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this	no do n't want that	3	5	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	that	that	22	Father	Target_Child	that 's too bad	no I do n't wan na	4	6	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bear		NOUN	bear	this	this	25	Mother	Target_Child	is this a bear	no I put them back	4	5	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fireman		NOUN	fireman	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you the fireman	no no I 'm fighting this fire	4	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	raw		NOUN	raw	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	I guess it 's a little raw	no a green chicken	7	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pickle		NOUN	pickle	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a pickle	no that 's a pancake	4	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	horsie		NOUN	horsie	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a horsie	no you kids always get those backwards	4	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hand		NOUN	hand	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a hand	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's our car	no this is not our car	4	6	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's a dog	no I think it 's a wolf	7	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fox		NOUN	fox	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a baby fox	no it 's a racoon	5	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	racoon		NOUN	racoon	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's a racoon	no it 's a fox	5	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	milk		NOUN	milk	this	this	29	Target_Child	Mother	this is the milk	no no this is the milk right here	4	8	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	naughty		ADJ	naughty	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	terrible means she was naughty	no it means it means um when	5	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	throw		NOUN	throw	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's for throwing	no you do n't throw them you roll them	4	9	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a hard one to roll	no you throw it	7	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Prince		PROPN	Prince	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Prince John right there	no this is Prince	6	4	declarative	trail	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	these	this	31	Target_Child	Mother	these are bad	no these guys are nice	3	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	not	ADJ	good	this	this	31	Target_Child	Mother	this is not good	no that 's good that 's the tin man he 's nice	4	12	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	some	some	31	Mother	Target_Child	just some at a time is better	no I want this one because she has one	7	9	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	helper		NOUN	helper	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're usually such a big helper	no I 'm not a helper now	7	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	helper	not	NOUN	helper	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	no I 'm not a helper now	no you 're not a helper now	7	7	declarative	question	Valian nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	doggy	not	NOUN	doggy	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a doggy though	no oh look like Gracie	6	5	declarative	question	Valian nan	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	what are you a turkey	no a tiger	5	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ball		NOUN	ball	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	you 're a tennis ball	no that 's Mickey Mouse	5	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cactus		NOUN	cactus	you	you	29	Target_Child	Father	uhhuh you 're a cactus	no I 'm not	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shape		NOUN	shape	toenails	toenail	30	Father	Target_Child	your toenails are in pretty good shape	no my toes are not pretty good shape	7	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you tired	no I just rub my eyes	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	food		NOUN	food	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you are food	no I 'm not you are food	3	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired	n't	ADJ	tired	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	are n't you tired	no I 'm not	4	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	windy		ADJ	windy	it	it	32	Father	Target_Child	was it windy	no it 's not back again	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Father	Mommy goed to my doctor 's	no she went to the store	6	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yucky		ADJ	yucky	flour	flour	33	Target_Child	Mother	the flour 's yucky	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's hard	no it 's crispy see	3	5	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	Abe are you about ready for bed	no I 'm happy Mom	7	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think that you 're ready for bed	no I 'm happy Mom	8	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you are a silly boy	no I 'm not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	potter		NOUN	potter	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you going to work with a potter 's wheel	no not the potter 's wheel	9	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	light	light	33	Target_Child	Mother	what what 's that light on	no the sun went behind a cloud	6	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cave		NOUN	cave	that	that	34	Father	Target_Child	is that your cave	no it 's not a cave	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brown		NOUN	brown	one	one	34	Target_Child	Father	one 's brown and one 's black	no that was Elliot 's set	7	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spoon		NOUN	spoon	finger	finger	34	Mother	Target_Child	is your finger a spoon	no I stir it up	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	show		NOUN	show	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	is the show on the theater	no it 's on the tv	6	6	question	trail	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pencil		NOUN	pencil	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that 's your pencil now	no I 'm using it for a for a letter	8	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you tired of painting	no I want another one	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	parade		NOUN	parade	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	are you in a parade	no not now	5	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	surprised		ADJ	surprised	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	were you surprised when you got them	no I was I was dumb when I got them	7	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	glad		ADJ	glad	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you were glad	no I was dumb	3	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fuddyduddy		NOUN	fuddyduddy	you	you	34	Target_Child	Father	you are a fuddyduddy	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fuddyduddy		NOUN	fuddyduddy	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you 're a fuddyduddy	no do n't call me a fuddyduddy	4	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	naughty		ADJ	naughty	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you 're naughty	no I 'm not naughty	3	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	table		NOUN	table	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's over on the table if you 'd open your eyes and look around	no that 's mine	15	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mitten		NOUN	mitten	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the first square mitten I 've ever seen	no this is a record	10	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scissor		NOUN	scissor	gun	gun	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think your gun is a scissor or a knife	no my gun is uh	11	5	question	trail	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shell	n't	NOUN	shell	turtle	turtle	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh the turtle was n't in the shell	no so I killed it	8	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	butterfly		NOUN	butterfly	that	that	35	Target_Child	Mother	because that 's a butterfly	no you told me that was a chicken when you made it	5	12	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scissors		NOUN	scissors	this	this	35	Target_Child	Father	is this your scissors	no they 're yours	4	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	this	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	this is for you	no I do n't want it	4	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	bong	bong	35	Father	Target_Child	is that what a bong is	no you bong it	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	trains	train	35	Father	Target_Child	what are choo choo trains like	no no not like to eat	6	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	are they friends	no he found another snake	3	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	she	she	35	Father	Target_Child	sometimes she 's not nice	no sometimes her is	5	4	question	self	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hand		NOUN	hand	it	it	35	Father	Target_Child	it 's a funny hand holding a truck	no it 's holding a gun	8	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pin		NOUN	pin	it	it	36	Target_Child	Father	is it a pin	no it 's a piece of brush that got caught in my skin see	4	14	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sheriff		NOUN	sheriff	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	are you a sheriff	no I 'm a cowboy	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bumblebee		NOUN	bumblebee	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	are you an old bumblebee	no I am not a grumble gee I 'm I grumble	5	11	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grumblehead		NOUN	grumblehead	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a grumblehead	no I 'm not a grumblehead hey	4	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure	not	ADJ	sure	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you 're not sure	no what are these things	4	5	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	all	all	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought all of them were for me	no no I bringed one for me and one for you	8	11	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	so I think that it 's best if it stays here	no I wan na take it to school	11	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	are you cold	no I 'm getting warmed up	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mom		NOUN	mom	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	are you Mom	no I 'm the Cookie Monster	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	naughty		ADJ	naughty	you	you	37	Target_Child	Father	yeah you are naughty	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wrong		ADJ	wrong	nothing	nothing	37	Father	Target_Child	nothing will be wrong	no can I put this on	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	37	Father	Target_Child	is that what it is	no not a t t look like this like this okay	5	11	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	what	what	37	Mother	Target_Child	what 's not nice	no it 's night now	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	quiver		NOUN	quiver	this	this	37	Father	Target_Child	we could put the arrows in here and pretend this is a quiver	no when it 's so old we could cut it out	13	11	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tool		NOUN	tool	this	this	37	Target_Child	Father	is this a tool for little kids	no it 's a tool for big people	7	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nifty		ADJ	nifty	that	that	37	Father	Target_Child	that 's pretty nifty having a tag on your old gun here	no it 's a new gun	12	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	are you seven years old	no I 'm twenty four	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	he	he	37	Target_Child	Mother	is he seven years old	no he 's twenty three	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	work		NOUN	work	sawing	saw	37	Mother	Target_Child	sawing is pretty hard work	no I 'm doing pretty fine I guess	5	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	light		ADJ	light	it	it	38	Father	Target_Child	it 's light outside see	no when I goed in there it was dark	5	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thick		ADJ	thick	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	that 's too thick	no I really love it this wood	4	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Peter		PROPN	Peter	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	okay that 's Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater	no let 's do all of these	7	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gentleman		NOUN	gentleman	these	this	38	Target_Child	Mother	yeah are these the gentlemen	no we 'll look at the pictures	5	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	this	this	38	Target_Child	Mother	this is too big Mom	no I think it 'll fit	5	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	one	one	38	Target_Child	Mother	this one is too big	no it 'll work	5	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	38	Father	Target_Child	it 's almost time to go to bed	no not tonight today	8	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yesterday		NOUN	yesterday	this	this	38	Target_Child	Father	is this yesterday	no this is today	3	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	39	Target_Child	Father	is it time	no we haf ta wait one hour okay	3	8	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Andy		PROPN	Andy	it	it	39	Mother	Target_Child	was it Andy	no maybe it was Too Too	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	full		ADJ	full	ears	ear	39	Mother	Target_Child	are your ears full of wax	no do n't say my ears are full of wax	6	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	that	that	39	Father	Target_Child	was that hard	no it 's gon ta be corn for you and Mommy and me and pretend corn for Yuppy and Lovey	3	20	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	eye		NOUN	eye	this	this	39	Target_Child	Mother	is this a eye	no that 's the head	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hospital		NOUN	hospital	it	it	39	Mother	Target_Child	is it a hospital	no it 's a it 's a animal cage man	4	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	heavy		ADJ	heavy	turtle	turtle	39	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think the turtle would be too heavy	no a little thin turtle	10	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	small		ADJ	small	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	how could you find one that 's as small as a pinhead	no those kind of turtles are um malou	12	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	no you 're not you 're sitting on me	no I 'm not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Lovey		ADJ	Lovey	parent	parent	39	Father	Target_Child	is Lovey your parent	no he 's my he 's my father	4	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	able		ADJ	able	he	he	39	Mother	Target_Child	was he able to do it	no he did n't have any more food	6	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	since I 'm so late	no when you do n't have the lights they do n't turn on	5	13	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Saturday		PROPN	Saturday	this	this	39	Target_Child	Father	this is Saturday	no it 's Monday	3	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	I 'm sad	no do n't be sad	3	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you went to the store today when you were at school	no no a long day	11	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hawk		NOUN	hawk	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	so if I cut a hawk 's head off it would n't hurt him	no no no if you cut the fur off it would n't hurt	14	13	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bird		NOUN	bird	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	am I Big Bird	no I 'm talking to Big Bird	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hawk		NOUN	hawk	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	am I a hawk	no I want another taco	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tomato		NOUN	tomato	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	hey are these tomatoes	no that 's part of a red pepper	4	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dream		NOUN	dream	nightmares	nightmare	40	Mother	Target_Child	nightmares are just bad dreams is that real	no they 're just playing	8	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much		ADJ	much	this	this	40	Target_Child	Mother	and this is too much	no you said you wanted this much	5	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	40	Father	Target_Child	is it cold	no just half minute cold and half minute warm	3	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tomorrow		NOUN	tomorrow	this	this	40	Target_Child	Mother	this is tomorrow	no this is tonight	3	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fresh	n't	ADJ	fresh	they	they	40	Father	Target_Child	are n't they fresh now	no they 're hot	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hospitable	not	ADJ	hospitable	he	he	40	Mother	Target_Child	he 's not very hospitable is he	no Mommy I 'm all through	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	little		ADJ	little	that	that	41	Target_Child	Father	is that too little	no it 's good see	4	5	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	band		NOUN	band	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	are you a band	no look what I see up there	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	are you ready to go	no I 'm not ready	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	movie		NOUN	movie	we	we	42	Father	Target_Child	you took it out there when we were at the movie	no when we were going to the movie when we were going home I saw it	11	16	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beetle		NOUN	beetle	it	it	42	Mother	Target_Child	was it a beetle	no it was big this big	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	butterfly		NOUN	butterfly	it	it	42	Mother	Target_Child	was it a butterfly	no tell me again	4	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	table		NOUN	table	it	it	42	Target_Child	Father	maybe it 's under the table	no it 's in your box here	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	telescope		NOUN	telescope	it	it	42	Father	Target_Child	that 's a pretty good telescope is n't it	no it 's not a telescope	9	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	NONE	NONE	42	Father	Target_Child	it 's not silly for a duck to say quack	no it says it a lot of times Daddy	10	9	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	it	it	42	Father	Target_Child	we 'll haf ta wait until it 's your birthday or something	no I do n't want camping stuff	12	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	42	Target_Child	Father	it 's a little bit cold	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	this	this	42	Target_Child	Father	is this one you were going to throw away	no I think we should keep that do n't you	9	10	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	building		NOUN	building	this	this	42	Father	Target_Child	this is a real building we live in	no this is not a real building crasher	8	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bear		NOUN	bear	it	it	42	Target_Child	Father	is it a bear	no it 's not a bear	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	NONE	NONE	42	Father	Target_Child	is he	no he is n't	2	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	43	Father	Target_Child	you do n't think that 's right	no they tee tee out of their penis	7	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wood	n't	NOUN	wood	it	it	43	Father	Target_Child	that is n't wood is it	no it 's not	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	they	they	43	Father	Target_Child	it means they 'd be real sad	no I think they wo n't be sad	7	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	able	n't	ADJ	able	people	people	43	Mother	Target_Child	then people wo n't be able to ride their bikes	no not right right on the straight on	10	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sleepy		ADJ	sleepy	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	are you sleepy	no I 'm just resting	3	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	43	Father	Target_Child	that 's my car	no it 's my car	4	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	winter		NOUN	winter	it	it	44	Mother	Target_Child	and it 'll be winter pretty soon	no the leaves are still on the trees	7	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	talk		NOUN	talk	that	that	44	Target_Child	Father	was that a funny talk	no that was beautiful	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	prospector	n't	NOUN	prospector	we	we	44	Target_Child	Father	we 're not prospectors are n't we	no we 're just amateurs	7	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	page		NOUN	page	that	that	44	Target_Child	Father	is that a dumb page	no it 's good	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Goofy		ADJ	Goofy	name	name	44	Father	Target_Child	would they think your name was Goofy	no they would be tricking me	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	horsie		NOUN	horsie	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	you could be the horsie	no you be the horsie	5	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clown		NOUN	clown	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	was the little clown um um was the little clown hurt when he landed from the parachute	no he got up and walked away	17	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	property		NOUN	property	he	he	44	Mother	Target_Child	because he 's the circus' property	no let 's catch him for a pet	6	8	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	square		ADJ	square	it	it	45	Target_Child	Father	is it square	no it 's round	3	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	are you sure it 's not in another book	no look that owl got stuck in a tospit	9	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	that	that	45	Mother	Target_Child	is that him	no the one you found that one 's bones	3	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fun	n't	NOUN	fun	it	it	45	Father	Target_Child	that was n't too much fun was it	no did it pop up	8	5	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	today		NOUN	today	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Father	is today tomorrow	no today 's today	3	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sun		NOUN	sun	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	you 're pretending you 're the sun	no this is the sun	7	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	rock	rock	45	Target_Child	Father	is the rock big as me	no you 're a lot bigger than the rock are n't you	6	12	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big	n't	ADJ	big	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	no you 're a lot bigger than the rock are n't you	no is the rock same as me	12	7	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	are you ready for bed	no I 'm not tired	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jason		PROPN	Jason	NONE	NONE	45	Father	Target_Child	you did n't do anything at Jason 's house	no we were so tired we could n't do anything	9	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stockade		NOUN	stockade	that	that	46	Father	Target_Child	oh is that a stockade	no this is the part the animals go in	5	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	airplane		NOUN	airplane	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	have you ever been on an airplane before	no not from Texas	8	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	guy		NOUN	guy	that	that	46	Father	Target_Child	is that the guy in the dumptruck	no this guy	7	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fight		NOUN	fight	it	it	46	Mother	Target_Child	was it a long fight	no they fought a lot of times	5	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dream		NOUN	dream	it	it	47	Mother	Target_Child	was it a scary dream	no it was about a island with lots of dinosaurs	5	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	freaky	n't	ADJ	freaky	that	that	47	Mother	Target_Child	would n't that be sort of freaky	no we 're too brave	7	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	snowman		NOUN	snowman	it	it	47	Father	Target_Child	it 's a snowman we can make	no it 's not a snowman we can make	7	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	this	this	47	Target_Child	Father	is this the one it come from	no it does n't look like it to me	7	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	look		NOUN	look	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Father	I really am hibernating look	no what if you really hibernated until spring	5	8	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	c		NOUN	c	that	that	49	Target_Child	Father	is that a c	no it 's an s	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	afraid	not	ADJ	afraid	they	they	49	Father	Target_Child	they 're not afraid of the dark	no they 're even afraid of the rug too	7	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	Duncan	Duncan	49	Mother	Target_Child	I thought Duncan was your last name	no now I said leopard	7	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	it	it	49	Father	Target_Child	oh was it as big as our apartment	no we could n't build it high as me	8	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Target_Child	was it hard to get into	no I shutted the door	6	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bookshelf		NOUN	bookshelf	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	are they on the bookshelf	no I do n't know where they are	5	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	busy	n't	ADJ	busy	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	you 've been real busy have n't you	no I have n't been busy	8	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	no I think that 's enough	no I mean more spoons and dishes	6	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	busy		ADJ	busy	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do n't you know I 'm busy doing my sliding Silly Putty into a pancake	no I did n't know that	16	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	seat		NOUN	seat	NONE	NONE	51	Father	Target_Child	are space boards seats	no they 're space boards	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mother		PROPN	mother	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Father	me mine and Mother 's	no it was somebody who 's coming to our house this Sunday	5	12	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	able		ADJ	able	we	we	51	Father	Target_Child	would we have been able to see the Easter_Bunny 's footprints if it would n't have snowed	no that 's the other thing	17	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	that	that	51	Target_Child	Mother	that 's his school or somebody else 's that you wan na call	no we 'll just let him come after school	13	9	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	it	it	51	Father	Target_Child	oh is it dirty	no yeah real dirty	4	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bloodshot		ADJ	bloodshot	it	it	51	Mother	Target_Child	is it bloodshot	no I was covering my eye	3	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	he	he	52	Father	Target_Child	wow is he hungry	no he ate all those things	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sleepy		ADJ	sleepy	NONE	NONE	52	Father	Target_Child	well be sleepy in your chair	no I 'm going to sleep	6	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stuck		ADJ	stuck	it	it	53	Father	Target_Child	it 's stuck	no it only goes down real slow see	3	8	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	arrest		NOUN	arrest	you	you	53	Target_Child	Father	you 're under arrest	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	arrest		NOUN	arrest	you	you	53	Father	Target_Child	you 're under arrest	no a sheriff never gets under arrest	4	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pant		NOUN	pant	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Mother	is this how many pockets I got on those pants	no do you wan na put a bird in your pocket	10	11	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	door		NOUN	door	that	that	55	Father	Target_Child	is that the door	no that 's where you and Mom sleep	4	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	happy	n't	ADJ	happy	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	are n't you sort of happy to be back in Minnesota	no I 'm angry at Minnesota	11	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	wing		NOUN	wing	that	that	56	Target_Child	Father	Mommy is that a wing	no it 's a breast	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bottom		NOUN	bottom	NONE	NONE	56	Target_Child	Mother	it has ta be the bottom	no it 's the top	6	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	feather		NOUN	feather	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	Mom was there paint on these feathers	no but they 're fading out	7	6	question	trail	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way	n't	NOUN	way	they	they	57	Target_Child	Father	but they ca n't be this way	no that 's right	7	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	glad		ADJ	glad	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm glad you 're kidding	no I 'm not kidding	6	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you 're sorry that you love me	no I 'm sorry I was on your hair	7	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	dog	dog	58	Father	Target_Child	what 's a male dog	no a metal dog	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clay		NOUN	clay	it	it	58	Target_Child	Mother	is it like clay	no the umbilical cord 's soft	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to be a medical doctor	no I would n't	8	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	Christmas	Christmas	58	Mother	Target_Child	he said Christmas is the time to be with the ones you love	no you did Mom	13	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	okay		ADJ	okay	that	that	59	Father	Target_Child	that 'd be okay	no he would n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	paper		NOUN	paper	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	must be in a different paper	no mummy ca n't find it	6	6	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	daddy	daddy	25	Father	Target_Child	daddy 's tired	no daddy 's tired	3	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hiding		NOUN	hiding	Heidi	Heidi	25	Mother	Target_Child	Heidi 's hiding	no put that down	3	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you	no put your foot there Lara 's gon ta go mummy	2	11	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh have you nicked mummy 's	no that 's that 's mine	6	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	farm	not	NOUN	farm	he	he	32	Target_Child	Mother	he 's not been to farm yet	no he has n't been to	7	6	declarative	interruption	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	rough		ADJ	rough	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're too rough	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm mummy	no I 'm mummy	3	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm real mummy	no I am	4	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's nearly lunch time	no it 's not lunch time	5	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	that	that	35	Target_Child	Mother	is that dirty	no that 's clean now	3	5	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bouncy		NOUN	bouncy	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	they 're bouncies not swings	no you bouncy swings	5	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lazy		ADJ	lazy	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you 're lazy Amy	no you 're not are you	4	6	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	is it	no this is daddy 's bowl	2	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's it	no there is another one	3	5	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spuddywud		ADJ	spuddywud	it	it	38	Target_Child	Mother	it 's spuddywud	no he calls he calls this spuddywud does n't he	3	10	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	mummy sits on daddy 's knee	no she does n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	Marky	Marky	29	Father	Target_Child	is Marky a bad boy	no Marky a good boy	5	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lion		NOUN	lion	you	you	30	Target_Child	Father	are you a lion	no I 'm not a lion	4	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		NOUN	old	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you 're two years olds	no I 'm not two years old	5	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you 're two years old honey	no I four	6	3	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	that	that	30	Father	Target_Child	that 's too silly	no he	4	2	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	is Daddy	no this is not Daddy that 's Daddy	2	8	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	star		NOUN	star	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	Ross you 're a little twinkle star	no no I 'm a pumpkin	7	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	he	he	32	Target_Child	Father	he 's a bad boy	no he 's a nice little guy	5	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Doctor		PROPN	Doctor	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	you 're Doctor David Banner	no I 'm a little doctor David Banner	5	8	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	you 're a little doctor David Banner	no I 'm a big doctor David Banner	7	8	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	small		ADJ	small	underoos	underoo	32	Target_Child	Father	incredible Hulk underoos are too small	no they 're too big for you	6	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alligator		NOUN	alligator	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I 'll be the big alligator	no I 'll be the baby alligator	6	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	penny		NOUN	penny	that	that	32	Target_Child	Father	that 's the penny	no that 's a nickel	4	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Hulk		PROPN	Hulk	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I 'm the Hulk	no you 're the daddy	4	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	33	Target_Child	Father	are you a girl	no I 'm not a girl word and I 'm not a boy word either	4	15	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	33	Target_Child	Father	are you a girl	no I 'm a boy	4	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	are you a girl	no I 'm a boy	4	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	word		NOUN	word	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	are you a girl word	no I 'm a boy word	5	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	are you ready to go to preschool	no I want a Mickey Mouse	7	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	he	he	33	Father	Target_Child	sure he is	no he 's not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thin		ADJ	thin	he	he	33	Father	Target_Child	he 's pretty thin	no he 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dead		ADJ	dead	he	he	33	Father	Target_Child	he looks like he 's dead	no he 's not	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bone		NOUN	bone	he	he	33	Father	Target_Child	he is bones	no he is a skeleton	3	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hat		NOUN	hat	it	it	33	Father	Target_Child	I thought it was your own hat	no my Hulk hat	7	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lion		NOUN	lion	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	are you a lion	no I 'm a little boy	4	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	barn	barn	33	Father	Target_Child	the little barn is a house	no a bigger barn	6	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	closet		NOUN	closet	that	that	34	Father	Target_Child	not those block baskets that are in your closet right	no not yucky not big ones	10	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pie		NOUN	pie	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	because you do n't wan na be a pumpkin pie	no that pumpkin do n't wan na be a	10	9	question	trail	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jack+o+lantern		NOUN	jack+o+lantern	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	you wan na be a jack+o+lantern	no that pumpkin wan na be a little jack+o+lantern	6	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	teacher		NOUN	teacher	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	is that a new teacher	no there was all girl who Casey	5	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wash		NOUN	wash	blanket	blanket	34	Father	Target_Child	your baby blanket is in the wash	no it 's not wet	7	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ross	not	PROPN	Ross	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	I 'm not Ross Andersons	no you 're not Ross Andersons I know but is there another Ross	5	13	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	guy	guy	34	Father	Target_Child	that guy over there is two babies	no that guy	7	3	question	trail	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lion		NOUN	lion	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	this is going to be my lion	no that 's my lion	7	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Marky		PROPN	Marky	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Father	you can have Marky 's	no I do n't want it	5	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hamburger		NOUN	hamburger	this	this	37	Target_Child	Father	this is my hamburger	no keep the hamburger here just leave it right there	4	10	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	California		PROPN	California	they	they	37	Target_Child	Father	and they 're at California	no they 're still in Colorado	5	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	37	Father	Target_Child	okay now it is time to go to bed	no no I wan na read this one	9	8	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	he	he	39	Target_Child	Father	cause he 's bad	no he 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	n't	ADJ	good	guys	guy	39	Father	Target_Child	you guys are n't good	no I 'm not I 'm good	5	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	brother		NOUN	brother	he	he	39	Target_Child	Father	he 's the bad brother okay	no he 's just the little brother	6	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	closet		NOUN	closet	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Father	you guys haf ta be in closet	no ca n't we go to bed Daddy	7	8	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	we	we	39	Father	Target_Child	we were bad	no you were good but you haf ta go in closet	3	11	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mother		NOUN	mother	daddy	daddy	39	Father	Target_Child	daddy 's your mother and Mommy 's your father	no your my father	9	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Christmas		PROPN	Christmas	it	it	39	Target_Child	Father	it 's Christmas	no you do n't have a Christmas tree on Easter honey	3	11	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real	not	ADJ	real	soldiers	soldier	39	Target_Child	Father	no man soldier man soldier because those soldiers are not real	no they 're not real and they 're probably bad because they 've got guns	11	15	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	same		ADJ	same	these	this	39	Target_Child	Father	hey these are the same	no they 're not	5	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Han		PROPN	Han	that	that	41	Target_Child	Father	oh no that 's Han	no that 's Luke	5	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Luke		PROPN	Luke	that	that	41	Father	Target_Child	no that 's Luke	no that 's Han	4	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	that	that	41	Target_Child	Father	that 's me	no it 's a storm trooper	3	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cute		ADJ	cute	he	he	42	Father	Target_Child	does Marky scream because he 's cute	no he screams cause he 's bad	7	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cute		ADJ	cute	he	he	42	Father	Target_Child	is he cute	no he 's big	3	4	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bubba		PROPN	bubba	she	she	42	Father	Target_Child	is she a twerp bubba	no she 's a silly	5	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Marky		PROPN	Marky	NONE	NONE	42	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na go poo in Marky 's little toilet	no I wan na go on the big toilet where big brothers go	11	13	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right	n't	ADJ	right	that	that	42	Father	Target_Child	is n't that right Ross	no it is n't	5	4	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bear		NOUN	bear	he	he	44	Father	Target_Child	was he a bad bear	no he 's a good bear	5	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tiger		NOUN	tiger	it	it	44	Father	Target_Child	was it a tiger or was it an ape	no the wolf hurt the tiger	9	6	question	question	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	power		NOUN	power	these	this	44	Target_Child	Father	these are my powers	no they 're not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	costume		NOUN	costume	that	that	45	Target_Child	Father	do you know what I have that is like my Superman Halloween costume	no I do n't know	13	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Anya		PROPN	Anya	name	name	45	Father	Target_Child	her real name was Anya	no it was Celia and Celia dressed up like Wonder Woman	5	11	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	busy		ADJ	busy	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Target_Child	you wan na be busy eating	no I wan na tell jokes	6	6	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lovely		ADJ	lovely	she	she	51	Father	Target_Child	she 's lovely	no my dad	3	3	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ross		PROPN	Ross	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Target_Child	Ross 's song	no I want you a little song	3	7	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	64	Father	Target_Child	maybe that 's what made the problem huh	no that was n't today	8	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's hot okay we know that it 's hot we wo n't touch	no want hot	14	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	there you are	no open it	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pig		NOUN	pig	it	it	24	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a pig	no it 's not a pig it looks a little like a pig but it 's actually a beaver	4	19	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it is hot	no I do n't wan na do clean up time	3	10	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5777FC	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	look		NOUN	look	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	look is n't part of the zebra	no that 's a	7	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4854MP24mos	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	is that better	no that one	3	3	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5474ES24	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're blue	no not blue	4	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5543EF	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spoon		NOUN	spoon	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	hm well that 's a really big spoon	no its	8	2	imperative_emphatic	trail	NewmanRatner 6454MB	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baseball		NOUN	baseball	this	this	24	Target_Child	Mother	this is baseball	no that 's canned tuna	3	5	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6630TM24	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lion		NOUN	lion	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm a lion	no that 's a cheetah	4	5	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cheat+sheet		NOUN	cheat+sheet	it	it	24	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a cheat+sheet	no do n't tell him	4	5	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT24	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	this	this	24	Mother	Target_Child	this is for mommy	no want sushi	4	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he is hungry	no want big	5	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7120CB	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's hot	no I do n't want it hot	3	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	NewmanRatner 7222MD24mos	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	lady		NOUN	lady	it	it	32	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's a lady is n't it	no that 's the Mommy	8	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Christopher	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	this	this	32	Mother	Target_Child	who 's this	no I want	3	3	question	declarative	NewEngland Margaret	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	waiter		NOUN	waiter	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	he 's the waiter	no you 're our waiter	4	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Christina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's it	no that 's	3	3	declarative	trail	NewEngland Elena	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece		NOUN	piece	this	this	30	Mother	Target_Child	this is a piece of paper for you	no I blue	8	3	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fuzzy		ADJ	fuzzy	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you fuzzy	no I 'm a cow	3	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Zachary	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Steamer	not	PROPN	Steamer	that	that	31	Target_Child	Father	no that 's not Steamer	no that 's really not Steamer is it	5	8	declarative	question	NewEngland Kristen	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	it	it	31	Father	Target_Child	it 's another dog	no she 's at home	4	5	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Kristen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	seat		NOUN	seat	this	this	31	Target_Child	Mother	th th this is a a car seat	no it 's not a car seat	8	7	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Anne	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kitchen		NOUN	kitchen	this	this	30	Target_Child	Mother	this is the kitchen	no that 's the garage	4	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	16	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a nice police car	no no no car	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ethan		PROPN	Ethan	NONE	NONE	19	Target_Child	Mother	Ethan 's	no it 's mommy 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	it	it	19	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's mommy 's	no it 's yours	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ethan		PROPN	Ethan	it	it	19	Target_Child	Mother	it 's Ethan 's	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ethan		PROPN	Ethan	it	it	19	Target_Child	Mother	it 's Ethan 's	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	20	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a nice police car	no no car	6	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daytime		ADJ	daytime	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	it 's daytime	no it 's on it 's on	3	7	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	George	not	PROPN	George	that	that	28	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not George	no it 's definitely not George	4	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	ghost	n't	NOUN	ghost	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	I saw it was n't a ghost	no it could be a ghost inside	7	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	oh it 's a red house	no it 's a red house	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	table		NOUN	table	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	there 's his head is down the table	no it 's hanging over the edge	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much	not	ADJ	much	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	but that 's not much of a tail	no that 's not much of a tail at all you 're right	8	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie	not	NOUN	cookie	it	it	35	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not cookie	no it 's definitely not a cookie	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	it	it	35	Target_Child	Mother	it 's the wrong way	no I think you had it right	5	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jumping+bean		NOUN	jumping+bean	he	he	35	Target_Child	Mother	is he a jumping+bean	no he 's not a jumping+bean	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a smart girl huh	no this one	6	3	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Mother	is that	no it 's not	2	4	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tail		NOUN	tail	this	this	31	Target_Child	Mother	I think this is the tail	no I 'm not sure really	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wrinkled		ADJ	wrinkled	back	back	33	Target_Child	Mother	the back is wrinkled but not the front is wrinkly	no but it 's got some stains on it	10	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blanket		NOUN	blanket	he	he	34	Target_Child	Mother	he 's on the blanket	no that 's a caterpillar	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	is that	no it 's not	2	4	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grumpy		ADJ	grumpy	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	let 's sit here and be grumpy together you wan na	no I wan na read	11	5	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	yeah it is yeah it is it 's pointing at me	no it 's not pointing at you let me move it down here	11	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	true		ADJ	true	it	it	23	Mother	Target_Child	it 's true I 'm just telling you	no I read the snake book	8	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Swiper		PROPN	Swiper	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	I rip Swiper 's nose off	no you did n't rip Swiper 's nose off	6	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Virginia		PROPN	Virginia	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	and next to Virginia is West Virginia	no mom no what 's that	7	6	declarative	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard	not	ADJ	hard	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	um I just wan na find something that 's not so hard	no it 's not so hard	12	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sit on mommy 's lap	no I want take it off	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cranky		ADJ	cranky	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think so I think you 're very cranky	no I not very cranky	11	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stereo		NOUN	stereo	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	and then we went back into the car but we did n't have it in the car right because it was in your stereo	no it was in the car	24	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	why o n't you hold mommy 's for a second	no not that it 's mine	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know maybe it 's on the chair	no I do n't know	10	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gentle		ADJ	gentle	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	okay be gentle because that 's Manuela 's honey we do n't want it to break	no it 's not it 's not it 's mine	16	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	one	one	28	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this one	no that one	4	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Louisiana		PROPN	Louisiana	one	one	28	Mother	Target_Child	that one 's Louisiana	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	state	state	28	Mother	Target_Child	you remember what this state is	no it 's not upside down no	6	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	that	that	28	Mother	Target_Child	that is so silly	no she 's down my hair	4	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	naked		ADJ	naked	he	he	29	Target_Child	Mother	he 's naked	no he 's just wearing shorts his legs are naked you have fun in the park	3	16	imperative_emphatic	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	is it dirty	no it 's yummy	3	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	head		NOUN	head	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	is that my head	no it 's your forehead	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh Honey be nice to the backpack	no it falled over	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	empty		ADJ	empty	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	no I think it 's empty now	no I want put this in	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	state		NOUN	state	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a state	no I want	4	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	careful		ADJ	careful	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta be careful Honey	no I want to throw it over	6	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chicken		NOUN	chicken	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	Tallulah Tallulah Tallulah is a chicken	no she has a red dress like a chicken	6	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Lily		PROPN	Lily	person	person	29	Mother	Target_Child	I bet the only person who loves cookies more than Daddy is Lily	no I want it this in	13	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it my birthday	no it 's my birthday	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	an anemone that 's the name of Nemo 's house an anemone	no it 's a pentagon	12	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bowl		NOUN	bowl	they	they	30	Mother	Target_Child	sweetie why do n't you go get your raspberries they 're in the bowl over there	no mom I 'm not having jelly beans	16	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	family		NOUN	family	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	was it the Brute family	no it 's not it 's the chicks	5	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	is he	no the bear 's Franklin 's friend	2	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	poster		NOUN	poster	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	that is the poster	no that 's Billy	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	face	face	31	Mother	Target_Child	what 's your face	no the face	4	3	question	trail	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	this	this	31	Mother	Target_Child	this is a long one do you wan na read a shorter one	no that one	13	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	delicious		ADJ	delicious	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're delicious	no I 'm not	3	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	that	that	31	Target_Child	Mother	that was n't very nice	no that was n't very nice	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	that	that	31	Target_Child	Mother	that was n't nice	no they 're not so nice	4	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	he	he	31	Target_Child	Mother	he 's not nice	no those hunters are not so nice	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	n't	ADJ	nice	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	it was n't very nice	no he does n't feel so well	5	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	she	she	31	Target_Child	Mother	she 's not so nice	no she 's not so nice that Maisy	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Florida		PROPN	Florida	Florida	Florida	31	Target_Child	Mother	Florida is Florida upside down	no that 's the way Florida does look	5	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	white		ADJ	white	they	they	31	Mother	Target_Child	yes they 're white	no they 're not they 're pink	4	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old	not	ADJ	old	those	that	33	Target_Child	Mother	those are not so old	no you can have those those are new	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bike		NOUN	bike	uh	uh	33	Mother	Target_Child	that uh is Bear 's bike	no that 's Rabbit 's bike	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	treasure		NOUN	treasure	bank	bank	33	Mother	Target_Child	a bunny bank is there treasure in the bunny bank too	no there there 's there just money	11	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	foot	n't	NOUN	foot	they	they	34	Target_Child	Mother	look they were n't on the wrong feet Mom	no those are on the right feet	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	story		NOUN	story	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	is stories about exercising	no it 's about um stories	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	delicious		ADJ	delicious	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	because it is so delicious	no I 'm not I 'm Lily	5	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	delicious		ADJ	delicious	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought you were delicious	no I 'm Lily	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	calamari		NOUN	calamari	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a calamari	no it 's just a	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shocked		ADJ	shocked	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm shocked	no you are n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ostrich		NOUN	ostrich	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh is that an ostrich	no that 's that 's that 's the that 's a Thorahockis	5	12	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	this one is that 's what friends are for do you want that one	no this one	14	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one	not	NOUN	one	these	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	these are not ones	no do you think this one might fit	4	8	declarative	question	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	but that is not nice	no it 's not nice that he promised to do it in the first place right	5	16	declarative	question	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cold	not	ADJ	cold	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not cold in here mom	no it 's not okay	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	okay	not	ADJ	okay	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's not okay	no it 's cold outside	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	wow that 's nice	no it is not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	sweetie it 's your turn	no it 's not my turn	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	loud	not	ADJ	loud	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you are loud and hyper this morning are you not	no I 'm not	10	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	loud		ADJ	loud	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	that it is so loud	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bug		NOUN	bug	it	it	39	Target_Child	Mother	is it a bug	no a squid 's not a bug right	4	8	question	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	microphone		NOUN	microphone	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	oh that 's your microphone	no not my backpack	5	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	she	she	40	Target_Child	Mother	she 's my friend	no yeah she 's just a little princess ant	4	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scary		ADJ	scary	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	she she 's not gon ta be scary	no she 's gotta see how much I weigh right	8	10	declarative	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fun		ADJ	fun	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know it might be fun we could sort them by colors or something	no thank you	16	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	flower		NOUN	flower	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	you were gon ta be different flowers	no we 're gon ta dress up	7	7	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bud		NOUN	bud	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	are you a Lily bud	no I 'm a Lily just a Lily	5	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	queen		ADJ	queen	sister	sister	45	Mother	Target_Child	of course my sister Adda is actually queen right now so I 'll most likely be a princess for a long time	no she is n't she 's princess and she 's princess	22	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Lily		PROPN	Lily	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're about the silliest Lily ever	no not	9	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	work		NOUN	work	Daddy	Daddy	45	Mother	Target_Child	no Daddy 's at work	no after	5	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's your turn	no it was n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Honey		PROPN	Honey	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	it was Honey	no it was n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	telescope		NOUN	telescope	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	but we can pretend it 's a telescope right	no it 's not it 's a this is going be on the my my vacuum cleaner	9	17	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	it	it	46	Target_Child	Mother	is it all ready	no it 's just butter	4	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	19	Father	Target_Child	what is this	no again	3	2	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dada		PROPN	Dada	it	it	20	Target_Child	Mother	is it Dada	no it 's not	3	4	question	self	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Bob		PROPN	Bob	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Bob 's busy saw	no Bob 's busy saw that 's fine	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	side		NOUN	side	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's on the side of the house	no it 's not side of house	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	matter		NOUN	matter	what	what	28	Target_Child	Mother	want play what 's matter	no Amanda Amanda went byebye she 'll be back later she 'll be back in a little while	5	18	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big	not	ADJ	big	mommy	mommy	28	Mother	Target_Child	well mommy 's not too big and mommy 's much bigger than you	no I 'm too big	13	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	winner		NOUN	winner	that	that	28	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that might be the winner	no you read the trucks	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	racket		NOUN	racket	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's racket	no that 's William 's	3	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chore		NOUN	chore	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	this is the chore	no this is a star	4	5	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	glad		ADJ	glad	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm so glad	no this other one	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm hungry	no I 'm playing football now	3	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you in Katie 's chair	no that 's William 's	6	5	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	director		NOUN	director	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta be the director will you tell me what you 'd like	no you do it	15	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby	not	NOUN	baby	he	he	32	Target_Child	Mother	he 's not a baby	no you 're not a baby	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	32	Father	Target_Child	that 's good	no take it	3	3	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	lion	lion	32	Father	Target_Child	what is that a lion	no it 's not lion it 's a Spiderman	5	9	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	McDonald		PROPN	McDonald	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	is it Old McDonald 's	no no it 's over there	5	6	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	well I mean was there when Daddy was there for your birthday	no he	12	2	declarative	interruption	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Blue		PROPN	Blue	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	Blue 's Clues book	no I 'll get it	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book		NOUN	book	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's a bad book	no make way for ducklings	6	5	declarative	question	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dorothy		PROPN	Dorothy	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	am I Dorothy	no my Dorothy	3	3	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turtle		NOUN	turtle	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh am I supposed to be a turtle too	no you frog	9	3	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	air		NOUN	air	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta be in the air	no I uh I wan na be	8	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	microphone		NOUN	microphone	this	this	40	Mother	Target_Child	this is like a microphone like a performance	no I 'm keeping it	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	winner		NOUN	winner	you	you	40	Father	Target_Child	you 're the winner	no say you 're the winner first and I 'm	4	10	declarative	trail	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	winner		NOUN	winner	William	William	40	Father	Target_Child	William 's the winner	no you say I 'm the winner	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	winner		NOUN	winner	I	I	40	Father	Target_Child	I 'm the winner	no yeah I 'm the winner	4	6	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	22	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no I do n't want you to dump these	3	9	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no no do n't eat it	3	6	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no that 's a stocking	3	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	shark	shark	27	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that a shark	no that 's a plane	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sheep		NOUN	sheep	it	it	28	Target_Child	Mother	it 's sheep	no that 's a dog	3	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	29	Mother	Target_Child	what 's the matter	no look this	4	3	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	apple		NOUN	apple	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a apple	no that 's not an apple honey that is a tomato	4	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	strawberry	strawberry	30	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that strawberry	no that 's an apple	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	32	Target_Child	Mother	that 's good	no no it 's backwards take	3	6	declarative	self	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	juice		NOUN	juice	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	that 's juice	no no water	3	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 'll be you 'll be hungry	no let me have it	7	5	self	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	hat	hat	33	Target_Child	Mother	what 's his hat over there	no I do n't want the red hat again I wanted the orange hat now	6	15	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's too big	no that 's alright	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's too big	no it 's not on the track	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	are my train my train	no you ca n't take my trains are n't you gon ta share with me	5	15	declarative	question	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chocolate		NOUN	chocolate	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	oh that 's chocolate	no you pull it out pull it out	4	8	self	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pig	not	NOUN	pig	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's pretend that 's pretend it 's not a real pig	no that 's pretend piggy+bank	12	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	snowball		NOUN	snowball	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's a snowball	no that 's a bubble+gum	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fellow		NOUN	fellow	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	for he 's a jolly good fellow	no the top of spaghetti	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hat		NOUN	hat	those	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	nope those are hats birthday hats party hats	no it 's this one	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	foot		NOUN	foot	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm on your foot	no I gotta see my potato head	5	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cute		ADJ	cute	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	aw a little potato you 're so cute	no how about just a little big one	8	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	what 's her what 's her name	no that 's my stop it it 's my kiss	7	10	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cookie		NOUN	cookie	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's chocolate chip cookie	no what 's that look like	5	6	declarative	question	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	restaurant		NOUN	restaurant	fruits	fruit	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's at the restaurant is the fruits and vegetables	no that 's a apples pears and there is the bananas	10	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	trapezoid		ADJ	trapezoid	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's trapezoid	no it is not a trapezoid	3	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		NOUN	blue	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	blue 's clues today	no no because we 're gon ta uh after we 're done we 're gon ta go for a walk	4	20	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	but they 're all wet	no we 're marching	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	squash		NOUN	squash	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's squash	no that 's heavy	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Stella		PROPN	Stella	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	Stella 's chair	no Stella does n't sit at the table	3	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	I du n no who that is	no that 's aunt	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	angry		ADJ	angry	that	that	38	Target_Child	Mother	that 's angry	no that 's not angry	3	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	disgusting		ADJ	disgusting	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	what what Alex you cannot do that it is disgusting now stop	no please nice	12	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gas		NOUN	gas	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	hm I think I 'm out of gas I 'll have to go to the gas station	no say	17	2	declarative	trail	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chocolate		NOUN	chocolate	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's chocolate	no silly this is n't chocolate	3	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	many		ADJ	many	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's too many	no that 's okay	4	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Alex		PROPN	Alex	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	Alex 's turn	no do n't pick this one you already know it 's a rainbow	3	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Alex		PROPN	Alex	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	Alex 's turn	no pick something different	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	ooh Mommy 's turn	no it 's Alex 's turn again	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	macaroni		NOUN	macaroni	it	it	39	Target_Child	Mother	it 's macaroni and cheese	no that 's yellow orange	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shoe		NOUN	shoe	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a shoe	no this is the coin	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	okay		ADJ	okay	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's okay	no just stick it back on there we 'll fix it	3	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	orange		ADJ	orange	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's orange	no this one in my hand is macaroni and cheese	3	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sticky		ADJ	sticky	it	it	40	Target_Child	Mother	it 's sticky	no it 's not sticky	3	5	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much		ADJ	much	it	it	40	Target_Child	Mother	it 's too much of it	no no no now just peel this	6	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	n't	ADJ	good	that	that	40	Mother	Target_Child	because um they 'll just end up all over the floor and that wo n't be good	no no no just leave it this table	17	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	circus		NOUN	circus	it	it	40	Target_Child	Mother	it 's Jojo 's circus	no it 's just a face	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	croquet		NOUN	croquet	that	that	41	Target_Child	Mother	that 's croquet	no this is golf	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Naima		PROPN	Naima	i	I	18	Mother	Target_Child	n a i m a Naima	no have black	6	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	egg		NOUN	egg	that	that	18	Target_Child	Mother	that 's egg	no that 's not egg	3	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pad		NOUN	pad	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a mouse pad	no give it back to her	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	unhappy		ADJ	unhappy	you	you	21	Father	Target_Child	you 're unhappy	no I wanted	3	3	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go tell Daddy that dinner is ready and I 'll	no you wait there for me	12	6	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Mother	is it time to go to bed now	no but it will be in a little while	8	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	child		NOUN	child	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Mother	children 's socks	no they 're Daddy 's socks	3	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	reptile		NOUN	reptile	she	she	21	Mother	Target_Child	I think she is a I think she is a reptile	no he sees it is is n't a reptile she 's a mammal	11	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a dry one well you 're the one who told me it 's actually poopy	no it is n't poopy	17	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mammal		NOUN	mammal	turkeys	turkey	22	Target_Child	Father	turkeys are mammals	no turkeys are not mammals they are birds	3	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bag		NOUN	bag	they	they	23	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think they are in the bag in the other room we can get them and look at them	no they 're at Mommy 's desk	20	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puzzled		ADJ	puzzled	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	he 's very puzzled	no I think Goldilocks been rocking papa bear 's chair	4	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crunchy		ADJ	crunchy	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	is wheat crunchy	no I think the wheat is stale	3	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bag		NOUN	bag	she	she	25	Mother	Target_Child	so that probably means she 's in that bag that made for you the toy bag	no she is n't it 's full of baggies	16	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	it might still be too big	no it is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	ball	ball	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I think the ball is a little bit too big	no it is n't too big	11	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	those are sort of those are like dolls	no I mean what are those	8	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rooster		NOUN	rooster	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a rooster	no a hen	6	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you	n't	PRON	you	those	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	those are n't for you	no they are for you	5	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	now it 's probably time to get a dry diaper doncha think	no not a dry diaper	12	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	direction	direction	25	Mother	Target_Child	what was the plane direction	no that was a plane you played	5	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	who	who	25	Mother	Target_Child	who 's a little mommy	no Arthur knows that the curtains are wiggling	5	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mess	not	NOUN	mess	it	it	26	Father	Target_Child	it 's not a mess	no no you cleaned up the mess	5	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	okay		ADJ	okay	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	but I think I 'm okay now I 'll be able to help you now	no you want some no you want do you want some	15	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kind		NOUN	kind	that	that	26	Father	Target_Child	that 's a very nice cooling down kind of action	no it is n't hot	10	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	line		NOUN	line	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's on the train line	no he had to	6	4	declarative	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's big enough for Sally	no it 's little	8	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	Naima I think it 's time to put on your uh pajamas	no no read another pages	12	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pope		PROPN	pope	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what the song says pope	no that 's a	7	4	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	if we 're gon ta go to town hall we may be too late already	no I wan na go to	15	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plenty		NOUN	plenty	that	that	27	Father	Target_Child	well that 's plenty I guess	no you 're going to put flour in it	6	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	27	Target_Child	Father	it 's a car	no it 's not a car	4	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	27	Target_Child	Father	it 's a it 's a car	no it 's not a car	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	27	Target_Child	Father	car it 's a car it 's a car it 's a lawn+mower	no it 's a bicycle	13	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	motorcycle		NOUN	motorcycle	it	it	27	Target_Child	Father	it 's a motorcycle	no it 's a	4	4	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	zub		NOUN	zub	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you a bear zub who eats bear zub food	no it 's a it 's a bear	10	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kind		NOUN	kind	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	must be some kind of bear zub food	no you 're bear who eats bear food	8	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	uncle		PROPN	uncle	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	I thought he was I thought he was Uncle Waldo	no the Uncle Waldo the Uncle Waldo	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	upset		ADJ	upset	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	why are you upset	no you never gon ta learn	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's how you learn things	no that 's how you	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	alright six six more and that 's it	no count six more	8	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	milk		NOUN	milk	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's milk	no you want	3	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	joke		NOUN	joke	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	cows say bah that 's a good joke	no it is n't a joke	8	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rule		NOUN	rule	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	it 's just a rule	no it 's not a rule	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you hungry	no I wan na have the bears	3	7	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh you 're reading Daddy 's flap book	no I 'm reading my flap book	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	o'clock		NOUN	o'clock	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	it 's past two o'clock	no it 's past two o'clock	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	things	thing	29	Mother	Target_Child	those things have been those things have both been here a long time it 's not becoming	no I 'm trying to cut it	17	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tower		NOUN	tower	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a big big tower	no it 's sclaimed	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no I	3	2	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	flat		ADJ	flat	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	if I were making it stable I would move it to the kitchen floor 'cause that 's more flat	no this is more flat	19	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	king+fisher		NOUN	king+fisher	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta be a little king+fisher	no be a little bear	8	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	song		NOUN	song	that	that	29	Father	Target_Child	yeah that 's a nice bedtime song	no that 's not a bedtime song	7	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea	n't	NOUN	idea	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	uh that would n't be a very good idea	no that 's a very good idea	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you 're gon ta haf ta brush your teeth anyway is the thing	no I need	14	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	am I right	no you 're not right	3	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would be better if you had no diaper for a while	no but I want some	14	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sleepy		ADJ	sleepy	Mommy	Mommy	30	Mother	Target_Child	hm Mommy is very sleepy can you put me to bed	no I need you	11	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	counter		NOUN	counter	this	this	30	Mother	Target_Child	is this your counter here	no that 's not my counter	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh what 's the matter sweet+heart	no I want want her to go	6	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hike		NOUN	hike	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're on a hike you were on a hike to Kawadee Head and you need to still carry your lunch	no I do n't want any lunch	21	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	words	word	31	Mother	Target_Child	what 're the words	no I want this to count	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	after		NOUN	after	part	part	31	Mother	Target_Child	stomping in puddles splashes and laughter my favorite part of a storm is the after	no the other Baby Bug	15	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	glad		ADJ	glad	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm glad you could come today	no they still having a reading time	7	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	green		ADJ	green	river	river	31	Mother	Target_Child	is that is that green the river	no the river	7	3	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bear		NOUN	bear	Griz	Griz	31	Mother	Target_Child	Griz could be a big bear	no we ca n't make a big bear one	6	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's good for you it 'll help you feel better	no no juice	11	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	squirrel		NOUN	squirrel	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	is it a scwary squirrel	no it 's a scary bear	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	he	he	31	Mother	Target_Child	he 's the one who knows why	no his friends no	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	green		NOUN	green	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's mustard greens	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	party		NOUN	party	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what your old letter to him says it says I went right to a party	no I I want him to say no I want	17	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	32	Mother	Target_Child	after little bunny goes it 's time to wipe	no not yet	9	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	okay I think you 're ready to wipe are n't you	no not yet	11	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	32	Mother	Target_Child	well it 's too cold honey	no it 's not too cold	6	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	32	Mother	Target_Child	you know it 's just that it 's time we always brush around seven thirty	no it 's not seven thirty	15	6	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sorry you do n't wan na do it but it 's something we haf ta do	no we 're gon ta go to dentist 's instead	18	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dentist		NOUN	dentist	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't wan na go to the dentist 's instead	no I do	11	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you doctor Naima	no I 'm just a dentist	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	side		NOUN	side	point	point	33	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think the point is on the other side	no the point is not on other side	10	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	feet	foot	33	Mother	Target_Child	are your feet cold	no in in the we 're gon ta be putting on our boots	4	13	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mall		NOUN	mall	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	the mall 's chicken	no that 's that chicken is just a pet	4	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	duckling		NOUN	duckling	this	this	33	Mother	Target_Child	Sleepy Bear is this your duckling	no that 's belongs	6	4	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	child		NOUN	child	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you a child who might like something to	no make some money that 's not photocopied	9	8	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I be Mommy your mommy again for a little bit	no you can be a teacher	11	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ice		NOUN	ice	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not gon ta be wet ice it 's just gon ta be that cold cold pack from the freezer	no I wan na	21	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	is it	no it 's not	2	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece		NOUN	piece	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh is that a tiny piece of snout	no this one	8	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	front		NOUN	front	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's just in front of that other dinosaur	no it 's biting tail	9	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	voice		NOUN	voice	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a yodeling voice	no that 's not a yodeling voice that 's a voice	5	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta say no no that 's our cat	no no that 's our cat	10	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	no no that 's our cat	no no you haf ta hold on to Pushba and say it	6	12	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	overall		NOUN	overall	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	even though it 's overalls	no we 're not gon ta pretend it 's that	5	10	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	problem	problem	34	Mother	Target_Child	okay what is the problem with the red jacket	no there 's no problem with the red jacket	9	9	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tone		NOUN	tone	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that is a nice tone of voice	no it 's not	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's kind of nap time for you	no let 's get a guest bedroom in in here	9	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby	not	NOUN	baby	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm not a baby	no you 're not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	paint		NOUN	paint	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	is this paint	no that 's color of the wood actually	3	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	potato		NOUN	potato	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a potato	no it 's not	4	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	supper		NOUN	supper	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's where we 're gon ta eat some supper	no I do n't wan na	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	cause it 's dirty on the floor	no no Sleepy Sleepy he 's washable	7	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fox		NOUN	fox	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 're the fox	no no no this this real wooden fox here	4	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scared		ADJ	scared	fox	fox	34	Mother	Target_Child	this fox is scared of humans actually the fox is scared whenever a human comes a fox will run away	no no I was the person who who who was making it go in the crib or something	20	18	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you doctor Naima who 's helping him feel better	no no I 'm actually his a nurse and a mommy	10	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	patient		NOUN	patient	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you need to try to be a little patient	no I ca n't be patient	9	6	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	we 're packing our diaper bag to go to doctor Lisa 's	no no no no diaper bag to go to doctor Lisa 's	12	12	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	someone		PRON	someone	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	yes but who nurses on someone 's ears	no no it would come into his mouth if it went it would come into his mouth and then you would get all scammed up with ear cream	8	28	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	calf		NOUN	calf	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	hm the calf and the cow	no not the cat and the cat	6	7	question	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's pretty hard	no it 's soft	6	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	animal		NOUN	animal	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you an animal	no I ca n't get out I I just happened to I 'm a little pig	4	16	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	name	name	35	Mother	Target_Child	you mean what 's my name	no what 's the baby	6	5	question	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	person		NOUN	person	your	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	ah I thought your were the person who worked at the store	no no Mommy	12	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	paper	paper	35	Mother	Target_Child	what is the paper	no this board	4	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	this	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	this must be the play room	no no no no no there 's a bed for other patients right here	6	14	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	oh are you a little tiny baby	no do n't come in Sleepy Bear says you 're not allowed in	7	13	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Naima		PROPN	Naima	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta still be Naima	no I wan na change not change	7	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right	not	ADJ	right	it	it	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not right is it	no you do	6	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	rod		NOUN	rod	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	is that number rods	no that 's not number rods	4	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stranger		NOUN	stranger	he	he	42	Mother	Target_Child	is he a stranger	no he 's a he 's a toddler	4	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	uncomfortable		ADJ	uncomfortable	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you 're uncomfortable	no not uncomfortable	3	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	while		NOUN	while	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	well while you 're in the while you 're in the wagon just keep him right where he is okay	no I said keep him on here	20	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Naima		PROPN	Naima	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	I think you could clip it to Naima 's shirt that would be fine	no not on my	14	4	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wagon		NOUN	wagon	Naima	Naima	46	Mother	Target_Child	Naima is in her wagon	no no you 're the store owner	5	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much		ADJ	much	it	it	46	Mother	Target_Child	how much is it	no put it put it in the teacup and then take the other things out and put them in the bucket	4	21	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	customer		NOUN	customer	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a grumpy customer now cause you did n't have things I wanted	no I 'm beeping the lemon first	14	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sorry you ca n't do that	no I 'm sorry you ca n't do that	8	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rule		NOUN	rule	it	it	46	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy also knows that it 's against the rules	no he does n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	room		NOUN	room	we	we	46	Mother	Target_Child	yeah we 're in the waiting room right now	no he no he wants he wants to have his doctor 's appointment too	9	14	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to be the doctor	no no I 'm the doctor and you 're his Mommy	7	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	bear	bear	46	Mother	Target_Child	I think my bear is big enough to go to the examination room by himself	no he is n't	15	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	because you 're hungry	no I ca n't tear that one	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	child		NOUN	child	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	because you 're a hungry child	no not cause I 'm a hungry child	6	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yucky		ADJ	yucky	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	that is yucky	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	heavy		ADJ	heavy	snow	snow	46	Mother	Target_Child	wet snow is heavier	no it was sort of powdery snow	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	snow		NOUN	snow	it	it	46	Mother	Target_Child	how about it 's the snow in the sunset	no how how about the sunset is is making it pink colorful	9	12	declarative	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	be		PROPN	be	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Mother	r	no that 's not a monster that 's a turtle	1	10	declarative	declarative	Tardif Rachel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	21	Mother	Target_Child	what is this	no no Monny	3	3	question	declarative	Tardif Lincoln	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	no not a baby 's phone	no not a baby 's phone	6	6	declarative	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	loud		ADJ	loud	vacuum	vacuum	28	Mother	Target_Child	okay we 've got to try to think of something that you wan na play with because you said that you do n't wan na play our game you already did a puzzle and the vacuum is too loud so	no wear it	40	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	that	that	32	Mother	Target_Child	is that the one that goes right there	no the other one the other go there	8	8	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	your	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh did you tell Erin about your being sick	no you tell her	9	4	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	open		ADJ	open	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you were open	no the library was open	3	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Inc		PROPN	Inc	this	this	33	Mother	Target_Child	well here this is from Monsters Inc	no it do n't have Sully	7	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	those	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	okay then we can tell Ericka what what those are for	no well those are heating pads	11	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	well maybe I 'm just a tiny bit sick	no you 're very sick	9	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right	not	ADJ	right	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not right	no it is right I think actually	4	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	worm		NOUN	worm	it	it	41	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a worm it 's a worm	no it 's not it 's fur	8	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure	not	ADJ	sure	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not sure what 's up with that	no it did n't hurt today	9	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	it	it	43	Mother	Target_Child	was it for your birthday	no I got this for Christmas	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	game		NOUN	game	it	it	43	Target_Child	Mother	was it the cat game	no the cat game we played later	5	7	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ryan		PROPN	Ryan	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	was Ryan on that one too	no he got here he got past that one some how	6	11	question	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pool		NOUN	pool	that	that	44	Mother	Target_Child	is that a swimming pool	no it 's a it 's a house pool	5	9	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	names	name	44	Mother	Target_Child	what 're their names	no no Stinky and Poo	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	food		NOUN	food	this	this	45	Mother	Target_Child	is this his food	no I haf ta do it too because um because that 's how much it costs	4	16	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	funny		ADJ	funny	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	is n't that funny	no no see it has a sink	4	7	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spos		ADJ	spos	that	that	46	Mother	Target_Child	I really do n't know what that 's spos ta be	no we have a	11	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	they	they	46	Mother	Target_Child	because they 're kind of behind other things okay	no I 'm gon ta put all those little things in	9	11	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hand		NOUN	hand	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	is it in your hand	no that one up here	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	egg		NOUN	egg	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	are you a scaredy egg	no you 're the scaredy egg	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	town	town	49	Target_Child	Mother	what 's the town	no what 's it called the water	4	7	question	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mike		PROPN	Mike	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	you ate Mike 's house	no we ate at his house	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	surprised		ADJ	surprised	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	oh I 'm surprised they all fit in the car	no there was a trick watch this	10	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	song		NOUN	song	it	it	49	Mother	Target_Child	it 's in the song	no he calls the song	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	park		NOUN	park	it	it	49	Mother	Target_Child	was it ah the amusement park	no it 's the sand	6	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	they	they	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh The Land Before Time says what color they were	no you see what color they are	10	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	that 's how you sold him you sold him to me and he had blood all over him	no um um that 's u how the pterodactyl got made	18	11	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	winner		NOUN	winner	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh you just pick them up and see if you 're the winner is that how it went	no you pick up five ducks	18	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	it	it	51	Mother	Target_Child	is it like this	no it 's not candy	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	that	that	51	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of stuff at our house that 's like that	no you know that thing that was kinda like a kinda like my first radio but it does n't have any but it 's not kinda like a regular not regular but as tall as a regular one	12	38	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rude		ADJ	rude	he	he	52	Mother	Target_Child	he 's rude	no he 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	guy		NOUN	guy	he	he	52	Mother	Target_Child	because he 's a bad guy	no he 's not a bad guy but he does n't like Sponge Bob and Patrick	6	16	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	charge		NOUN	charge	who	who	52	Mother	Target_Child	the mayor the one who 's in charge of the town	no the farm	11	3	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	everything	everything	53	Mother	Target_Child	everything would be super duper wet	no we 'll go in the bathroom and do it	6	10	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fine		ADJ	fine	this	this	55	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but this is fine because I think I only wan na buy one anyway	no you can buy all I want you to buy all	15	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	55	Mother	Target_Child	is that right	no not completely fast enough	3	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	it	it	55	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a flying baby	no it 's a flying stroller	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	oh really you have n't even actually told me that both of you is it a day when you have school the day that it 's your actual birthday	no my my mommy can take off too	29	8	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	George		PROPN	George	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	Washington maybe it was George Washington you made	no you know that that president that that thought wars were good	8	12	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	they	they	56	Mother	Target_Child	little they 're little gummy things so I see so you chose the color to make it red	no the yellow was all gone so we had ta use the red	18	13	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	knee		NOUN	knee	those	that	56	Mother	Target_Child	are those his knees	no they are his pockets	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	George		PROPN	George	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	or Washington maybe it was George Washington you made	no bo um you know that that that president that that the that the that wars were good	9	18	declarative	question	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	this	this	60	Mother	Target_Child	alright so this is my house	no the couch was your house	6	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	this	this	60	Mother	Target_Child	ah um is is this the one should I buy him	no he 's a T Rex	11	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bed		NOUN	bed	this	this	28	Target_Child	Mother	this is a bed	no I think it 's a tub	4	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Doctor_Weist		PROPN	Doctor_Weist	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	went to Doctor_Weist 's	no we did n't see Doctor Weist	4	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yellow		ADJ	yellow	they	they	29	Target_Child	Mother	they 're yellow white green black	no not green or black	6	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Buzz		PROPN	Buzz	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that was Buzz Lightyear	no it was Spiderman	4	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not very nice to do is it	no you 're right you be nice to Spirit	9	9	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	road		NOUN	road	they	they	39	Target_Child	Mother	they were in the road	no there were no roads	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	boo	boo	31	Father	Target_Child	my boo boo 's what	no your boo boo 's what	5	6	question	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	moon		NOUN	moon	it	it	31	Target_Child	Father	it 's a moon	no this is a ssss	4	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sophie		PROPN	Sophie	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Target_Child	at Sophie 's school	no my school	4	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	that	that	33	Father	Target_Child	is that sad	no it 's not sad	3	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	whiny		ADJ	whiny	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	did you feel good or were you whiny	no not whiny	8	3	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	triangle		NOUN	triangle	one	one	33	Target_Child	Father	that one 's a triangle	no it 's a what	5	5	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	33	Father	Target_Child	hey what 's this	no it 's a balloon	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doggy		NOUN	doggy	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you were a doggy	no that 's a doggy	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doggy	not	NOUN	doggy	you	you	33	Father	Target_Child	you 're not a doggy	no this is a doggy	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not very nice	no I need that	5	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	are you sad	no I 'm angry	3	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sad		ADJ	sad	that	that	34	Father	Target_Child	that 's sad Roman	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scary		ADJ	scary	that	that	34	Father	Target_Child	Roman that 's scary	no it 's not Daddy	4	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Aladar		PROPN	Aladar	this	this	35	Target_Child	Mother	is this Aladar	no those are machines	3	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sister		NOUN	sister	she	she	37	Father	Target_Child	is she your little sister or your big sister	no she she 's big	9	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	39	Father	Target_Child	what is that	no I do n't think it 's night time	3	9	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sophie		PROPN	Sophie	she	she	39	Target_Child	Father	she she she is Sophie	no who is she	5	4	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	40	Father	Target_Child	that 's what you 're doing you 're scanning it	no I 'm not	10	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	41	Father	Target_Child	I think that 's right	no that 's a snail but see that 's a snail	5	11	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	angry	not	ADJ	angry	he	he	41	Father	Target_Child	he 's not angry	no he 's not sad	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	real	not	ADJ	real	he	he	42	Father	Target_Child	but he 's not real	no he 's not real	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	he	he	42	Father	Target_Child	so he 's a real man he 's not a spider	no he just he just he look all sleepy so the Green Goblin spider does n't see it see his the Green Goblin and know what he took the Green Goblin face off and he and then and then	11	39	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	barn		NOUN	barn	who	who	45	Father	Target_Child	who 's inside the barn	no no I 'm not looking inside	5	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish		NOUN	fish	this	this	45	Father	Target_Child	is this a fish	no that not a fish	4	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish		NOUN	fish	that	that	45	Father	Target_Child	that 's a little fish	no this kind a a fish	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stomach		NOUN	stomach	that	that	45	Father	Target_Child	that 's the stomach	no it not	4	3	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ding		NOUN	ding	it	it	45	Target_Child	Father	okay it 's a a hammer ding	no it 's called a	7	5	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	he	he	45	Father	Target_Child	is he is he ready to go	no not yet first I haf ta do somefing put dis on right here	7	14	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	NONE	NONE	45	Father	Target_Child	is that arm the other way	no I want it like dat	6	6	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	NONE	NONE	45	Father	Target_Child	is that like this	no it 's like dis like turn it around like dat turn it around like dat	4	16	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	this	this	45	Father	Target_Child	you know what Roman this is my friend	no no he 's my friend	8	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	picky		ADJ	picky	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	Roman you are really picky	no you 're picky	5	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pocket		NOUN	pocket	he	he	46	Target_Child	Father	no he 's in de pocket again	no he 's not in my pocket	7	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	46	Father	Target_Child	you wan na go up and hear the tape that 's what you want and you ca n't do that right now	no I wan na go up and give her my dinosaur	22	11	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	okay		ADJ	okay	Sophie	Sophie	46	Father	Target_Child	Sophie 's okay	no she 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stick		NOUN	stick	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you 're a walking stick	no no dis is a walking stick	5	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Karen		PROPN	Karen	that	that	49	Target_Child	Father	um that 's Karen	no that 's Karen	4	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	dat	that	49	Target_Child	Father	dat 's you dat is when you were a baby	no Sophie uh Sophie and Michelle	10	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	perfect		ADJ	perfect	room	room	50	Target_Child	Father	my room is perfect for you	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real	not	ADJ	real	it	it	50	Father	Target_Child	it 's not real	no it 's something you hold in your hand	4	9	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	50	Father	Target_Child	you did n't know that that 's what you do	no we 're not making a tape	10	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rainbow		NOUN	rainbow	dog	dog	52	Mother	Target_Child	your dog is a rainbow	no I just not making a rainbow I 'm just gon ta talk	5	13	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	52	Mother	Target_Child	wan na see if she can guess what this is	no I can tell	10	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ghost		NOUN	ghost	that	that	51	Father	Target_Child	is that a real ghost	no it 's just a costume	5	6	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real	not	ADJ	real	it	it	51	Father	Target_Child	oh it 's not real	no it 's hanging up from the sky	5	8	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Platypus		PROPN	Platypus	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a Duck Billed Platypus	no what 's that	6	4	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shark		NOUN	shark	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	the shark 's gon ta eat the people	no the people that 's catching him	8	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dinner		NOUN	dinner	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	is that a shark dinner	no it 's people 's	5	5	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Grandma		PROPN	Grandma	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	we went to the zoo at Grandma 's	no we did n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mean		NOUN	mean	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	what else is kind of mean look at this mean thing	no no Mommy	11	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	friend		NOUN	friend	we	we	52	Mother	Target_Child	the spiders gon ta say hey I thought we were friends	no it 's not it gon ta say	11	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cage		NOUN	cage	it	it	52	Target_Child	Mother	yeah it 's cage no it 's in a cage	no that 's what 's nice about that zoo they do n't have cages they just have open fields	10	19	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much		ADJ	much	crayons	crayon	52	Mother	Target_Child	how much are these crayons sir	no you haf ta bring the crayons over here	6	9	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	different		ADJ	different	they	they	55	Father	Target_Child	he does n't eat potatoes and he does n't he thinks they 're different than like french fries	no but I like french fries	18	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Father	it 's because you saw it	no what did we see	6	5	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brush	not	NOUN	brush	that	that	32	Target_Child	Father	that 's not the black brush brush	no it 's not a brack bush but I it will look black because we 're gon ta use the black paint wo n't it	7	25	declarative	question	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	you	you	33	Target_Child	Father	are you hungry	no I 'm not hungry actually	3	6	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Gonzo		PROPN	Gonzo	that	that	36	Father	Target_Child	is that Gonzo	no it 's somebody else	3	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	program	program	37	Mother	Target_Child	like what was the newest program we just got	no you tell her	9	4	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nurse		NOUN	nurse	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta nurse Avril right now	no she 's had enough	8	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired	n't	ADJ	tired	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	because then I wo n't be so tired	no it 's here	8	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Barney		PROPN	Barney	that	that	42	Father	Target_Child	I heard all of that coughing from upstairs I thought that was Toddler Barney	no it was Emma	14	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bee		NOUN	bee	that	that	42	Father	Target_Child	is that a bee	no it 's a butterfly	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	this	this	43	Target_Child	Father	who 's this for	no they were in the states when we met them	4	10	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor	not	NOUN	doctor	I	I	44	Father	Target_Child	I 'm not the doctor	no I said Big Bird the doctor	5	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	high		ADJ	high	NONE	NONE	44	Father	Target_Child	what how high was the couch was it a long fall	no it was just	11	4	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	it	it	44	Father	Target_Child	but it 's really hurting Bert do n't you think it would be better if we cut it off	no he only even hurt	19	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cry		NOUN	cry	baby	baby	44	Father	Target_Child	is the baby crying	no she wants to nurse	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	you	you	45	Target_Child	Father	how about you be the doctor	no I 'm not a good doctor	6	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	poop		NOUN	poop	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Target_Child	do n't be a poop	no you 're a	5	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	52	Mother	Target_Child	what time is it it 's about three thirty	no we 're pretending	9	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matty	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bloody		ADJ	bloody	mouth	mouth	52	Mother	Target_Child	oh my god his mouth is so bloody	no it 's not	8	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Matty	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Vuvva		PROPN	Vuvva	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	yes um this Vuvva 's house	no it looks just like going to Vuvva 's house though does n't it	6	14	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	type	n't	NOUN	type	this	this	34	Mother	Target_Child	no Jilly this is n't the type of book that has a story it 's the type of book that that we ask questions and then you answer them	no I do n't wan na ask a question	29	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	24	Target_Child	Mother	what is it mummie	no I do n't think it 'll fit in that one	4	11	question	declarative	Howe Jason	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bath		NOUN	bath	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	is it a bath	no it is n't	4	4	question	declarative	Howe Richard	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	it	it	24	Target_Child	Mother	it 's daddy	no it 's not daddy	3	5	declarative	declarative	Howe Yvonne	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	it	it	25	Target_Child	Father	it is a color one	no it is not green	5	5	declarative	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	what is that	no that goes on the birds	3	6	question	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stuck		ADJ	stuck	this	this	28	Target_Child	Mother	this is stuck	no I got it unstuck	3	5	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puzzle		NOUN	puzzle	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but it 's a clock puzzle	no I do that	7	4	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right	n't	ADJ	right	that	that	23	Mother	Target_Child	no no you say that is n't right	no no no that is n't right	8	7	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	stinky		ADJ	stinky	it	it	26	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a stinky	no that does n't stink that 's a squirrel that 's not a skunk	4	14	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	that can be their house	no I do n't want the ponies in there	5	9	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	one	one	40	Target_Child	Mother	what 's this one for Ma	no leave that one there	6	5	question	declarative	VanHouten Matthew	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	cold		ADJ	cold	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's cold	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clean		ADJ	clean	they	they	57	Target_Child	Mother	they 're clean	no they 're not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	quiet		ADJ	quiet	you	you	24	Mother	Child	will you be quiet	no do n't be dirty	4	5	question	declarative	Wells Martin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	go		NOUN	go	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's your go	no it 's your go	4	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Gavin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	is she ready	no she 'll say ready when she 's ready	3	9	question	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm sick	no you 're not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	School		PROPN	School	it	it	42	Target_Child	Mother	is it Play School now	no it will be Play School this afternoon	5	8	question	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh it 's hot	no that is n't hot	4	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	41	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no he no he has n't got no flowers on	3	10	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	you	you	24	Mother	Child	there you are	no I had a big one	3	6	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that is a baby one	no they look all like sheep to me	5	8	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	23	Target_Child	Mother	what 's that	no she is n't	3	4	question	declarative	Wells Penny	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	square		NOUN	square	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's squares of flowers is it	no not	7	2	question	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	this	this	35	Target_Child	Mother	is this not very nice	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	hole	hole	57	Target_Child	Father	because that hole 's for it	no you ca n't put this one in there	6	9	declarative	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nanny		PROPN	Nanny	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	no Nanny 's	no you	3	2	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sore		ADJ	sore	that	that	60	Target_Child	Mother	that was sore	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	that	that	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that was silly	no it was n't	6	4	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sergeant		NOUN	sergeant	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Mother	is that the sergeant	no that 's the sergeant	4	5	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it a truck	no a car	4	3	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	coat		NOUN	coat	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the coat the wrong way	no that 's the collar that 's called	7	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dessert		NOUN	dessert	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's dessert	no that was my fish	3	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	granola		NOUN	granola	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is granola	no this is the granola	3	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	trolley		NOUN	trolley	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	is that a trolley	no it 's a train	4	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boat		NOUN	boat	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a ferry boat	no that is a submarine right there	5	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	new	not	ADJ	new	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	well it 's not so awfully new	no no sit in de lap dit de bah	7	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bell		NOUN	bell	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	eh dis is jingle bells right here	no this is this old man he played one	7	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grass		NOUN	grass	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a grass right here	no that 's the beach honey	6	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	dis	dis	30	Target_Child	Mother	dis is eh dutch house	no that 's a swiss house	5	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Baaee		PROPN	Baaee	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na listen Baaee 's	no you ca n't listen to Baaee 's tape recorder right now	5	12	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na go to sleep in daddy 's room	no we 're too tired	9	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	peam		NOUN	peam	this	this	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na put this peam put Nathaniel this is Baaee 's peam	no this is Nathaniel 's cream	12	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Baaee		PROPN	Baaee	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	in Baaee 's room	no I think he 's working in his own room	4	10	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Lia		PROPN	Lia	name	name	30	Target_Child	Mother	her name is Lia	no her name is Phyllis	4	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puppy		NOUN	puppy	name	name	30	Target_Child	Mother	name is puppy	no his name is n't puppy	3	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	little		ADJ	little	i	i	32	Target_Child	Mother	dis is de little i	no this is a big i	5	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alouette	not	ADJ	alouette	dis	dis	32	Target_Child	Mother	dis is not alouette	no this is alouette	4	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Baaee		PROPN	Baaee	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	enne see Baaee 's bath+room	no we 're gon ta see Nathaiel 's bath+room	5	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dere		PROPN	dere	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	dere 's Max	no that 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doctor		NOUN	doctor	dat	that	32	Target_Child	Mother	dat 's a doctor	no that 's the mummy	4	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	who 's dat your foot	no this is your foot	5	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PROPN	that	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	dat 's grandpa Snow	no that 's grandpa	4	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	de		PROPN	de	school	school	36	Target_Child	Mother	uh is is school is de eh somebody broke de school	no nobody broke it	11	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	open	not	ADJ	open	school	school	36	Target_Child	Mother	de school 's not open	no you never go to school on Sunday	5	8	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	they	they	36	Father	Target_Child	they 're very hot	no I can	4	3	declarative	trail	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Father	more is uh do another one	no we have some more	6	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	was n't that nice of me	no it not nice	6	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	welcome		ADJ	welcome	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're welcome to go downstairs all by yourself but after you do a pee pee	no not go down downstairs all by mys eh	16	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fruit		NOUN	fruit	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that fruit	no it not fruit	3	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	ashes	ash	38	Mother	Target_Child	ashes ashes is what Judy says	no no er er er er Judy said	6	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	trawler		NOUN	trawler	dis	dis	38	Target_Child	Mother	eh de dis is a trawler	no this is an oil tanker	6	6	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nathaniel		PROPN	Nathaniel	NONE	NONE	40	Father	Target_Child	Nathaniel 's gon ta read half then I 'm gon ta read half	no you read	13	3	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	same		ADJ	same	it	it	40	Father	Target_Child	is it the same	no it 's not	4	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hole		NOUN	hole	dis	dis	40	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a hole	no that 's not a hole	4	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	itchy		ADJ	itchy	nose	nose	40	Mother	Target_Child	is your nose kinda itchy	no I 'm just getting these gunkies out	5	8	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sad	not	ADJ	sad	they	they	40	Target_Child	Mother	he they 're not sad	no they 're not sad but they 're very dirty	5	10	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Dingo		PROPN	Dingo	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	Dingo 's face broke	no it 's not broken	4	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	watch		NOUN	watch	this	this	40	Target_Child	Mother	de this is his watch	no that 's a fish	5	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mother		NOUN	mother	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	oh dis is mother	no that 's baby	4	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cup		NOUN	cup	dis	dis	40	Target_Child	Mother	dis is a cup	no it 's a bottle	4	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chick		NOUN	chick	dis	dis	40	Target_Child	Mother	and dis is de mommy chick	no that 's the daddy chicken	6	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	trailer		NOUN	trailer	dis	dis	40	Target_Child	Mother	de dis is de dump trailer	no that 's the excavator	6	5	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	end	not	NOUN	end	it	it	40	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not the end of the book	no it 's just the end of the story	8	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Smiley		PROPN	Smiley	dis	dis	45	Target_Child	Mother	eh dis is Smiley	no this is Aaron	4	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	firehouse		NOUN	firehouse	dere	dere	45	Target_Child	Mother	dere is de firehouse	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	Craig		PROPN	Craig	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Craig 's house	no not at Craig 's house	3	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brown		ADJ	brown	he	he	24	Target_Child	Mother	he 's brown	no he 's black	3	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	that	that	24	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a man	no I think it 's a girl because she has long hair	4	12	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nina		PROPN	Nina	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	in Nina 's house	no not in my house	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	is it a big dog or a little dog	no a big dog	9	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doggy		NOUN	doggy	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a doggy	no I think that 's a llama	4	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	26	Mother	Target_Child	what is this	no finish that piece	3	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rhinocero		NOUN	rhinocero	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a rhinoceros	no that 's a monkey on a swing	4	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	soap		NOUN	soap	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a soap and water	no that 's not soap and water	6	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beach		NOUN	beach	it	it	26	Target_Child	Mother	it 's it 's in the beach	no I think it 's in the swimming pool	7	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		ADJ	mommy	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm mommy	no thank the valentine	3	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	leg		NOUN	leg	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's her leg	no it 's not a leg	4	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	barn		NOUN	barn	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a barn and that 's a barn too	no that 's a barn but this is a house	10	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mad		ADJ	mad	Snoopy	Snoopy	27	Target_Child	Mother	he 's mad that Snoopy	no he 's not mad	5	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rabbit		NOUN	rabbit	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a rabbit	no I think that 's a kangaroo	4	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kangaroo		NOUN	kangaroo	he	he	27	Target_Child	Mother	he 's a kangaroo	no he 's a little mouse	4	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a little bit bigger	no that 's not that	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	leave		NOUN	leave	those	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	those are leaves	no you read that story	3	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Becca		PROPN	Becca	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	at at Becca 's house	no who did you sleep with last night	5	8	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	he	he	28	Target_Child	Mother	he 's that	no he 's feeding him with a fork	3	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	goat		NOUN	goat	he	he	29	Target_Child	Mother	he 's a goat	no he 's a reindeer	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	smoke		NOUN	smoke	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a bad smoke	no it 's not good to smoke	5	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ribbon		NOUN	ribbon	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	and this is a ribbon	no the polka dot	5	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water	not	NOUN	water	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not water	no it 's pretend cause these are plastic flowers	4	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	water	not	NOUN	water	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not water	no there 's no water in there cause these are pretend flowers	4	12	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	flower		NOUN	flower	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	see that 's a pretend flower	no that 's not a pretend flower	6	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a girl but you 're also my daughter	no I 'm a girl	10	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daughter	not	NOUN	daughter	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not my daughter	no I 'm a girl	5	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	son		NOUN	son	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm your son	no you 're my daughter	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	son		NOUN	son	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm your son	no you 're my daughter	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plastic		NOUN	plastic	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	look that 's plastic	no that 's metal	4	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doll		NOUN	doll	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	is this your little doll	no it 's not Elijah 's little doll	5	8	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hand		NOUN	hand	he	he	29	Target_Child	Mother	he 's in your hand	no he is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doll	not	NOUN	doll	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not a funny doll	no that 's just a regular little doll	6	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	happy		ADJ	happy	Mommy	mommy	29	Mother	Target_Child	is the Mommy happy	no her cried	4	3	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clean		ADJ	clean	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	is she all clean	no her not all clean	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mommy		PROPN	Mommy	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	did Dotty and Leo eat some of Mommy 's bread	no my bread	10	3	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl	not	NOUN	girl	daddies	daddy	33	Target_Child	Mother	daddies are not girls	no what are daddies	4	4	declarative	question	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Maggie		PROPN	Maggie	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	we 're going to go to Maggie 's house soon are n't we	no we I do n't wan na go to Maggie 's	13	11	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	slack		NOUN	slack	this	this	33	Target_Child	Mother	this is your slacks	no what 's that	4	4	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	he 's name is Karen	no Karen is a girl 's name	5	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dolly		NOUN	dolly	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that the little dolly	no this is	5	3	question	trail	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	there it is	no I do n't wan na read it to you	3	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dress		NOUN	dress	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a pretty dress to wear	no that 's Gumpy 's dress	7	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's just a great big truck	no it 's a train	7	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	is that you	no that 's a lady with a hair dryer on her head	3	12	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	aid		NOUN	aid	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the band aid	no that thing in the middle of the band aid	5	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	cat	cat	34	Target_Child	Mother	what is that a kitty cat	no that 's a lion	6	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	porcupine		NOUN	porcupine	this	this	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh this is a porcupine	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bee		NOUN	bee	we	we	34	Target_Child	Mother	when we 're bees	no we eat honey	4	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dolphin		NOUN	dolphin	this	this	34	Mother	Target_Child	this is a dolphin see	no that 's a dolphin	5	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	whale		NOUN	whale	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a whale	no that 's not a whale	4	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	happy		ADJ	happy	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	was he happy when he turned into a beast	no he was n't	9	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	vegetable		NOUN	vegetable	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	is that a vegetable	no that 's a corn	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece		NOUN	piece	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think it 's a piece of lettuce	no it is n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fence		NOUN	fence	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's a fence	no it 's a chimney	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	this	this	34	Target_Child	Mother	is this right	no it 's still backwards	3	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	they must still be at Miriam and Nick 's house	no they are n't	10	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	square		NOUN	square	this	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	is this a square	no that 's a circle	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	triangle		NOUN	triangle	this	this	35	Target_Child	Mother	is this a triangle	no that 's not a triangle	4	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue	not	ADJ	blue	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	they 're not blue with pink polka dots certainly	no they 're black	9	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	easy		ADJ	easy	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	is it easy to push an elephant	no it is n't	7	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	penguin		NOUN	penguin	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a penguin	no I 'm not	4	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	forest		NOUN	forest	that	that	35	Target_Child	Mother	is that a forest	no that 's just a piece of background paper	4	9	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	he	he	35	Target_Child	Mother	is he into some water	no I think that 's just the floor	5	8	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	is that what the doctor said you could have when you had a tummy ache	no he could say that children could have a lollipop and jello okay	15	13	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pajama		NOUN	pajama	those	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	those are your pajamas there	no let me see	5	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fun	n't	NOUN	fun	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	that wo n't be much fun would it	no that would n't would n't be much fun	8	9	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	juice		NOUN	juice	this	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	here we can pretend this is orange juice	no this is orange juice	8	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	card		NOUN	card	what	what	36	Mother	Target_Child	what 's on that card	no lem me put the tape on there	5	8	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that some water	no I think that 's a mat is n't it	4	10	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grownup		ADJ	grownup	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a grownup	no it 's a baby	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	asleep		ADJ	asleep	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh you were asleep when I took you back to your house	no that was a dream when I got back to the house	12	12	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cute		ADJ	cute	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	he 's so cute	no let me have him	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turkey		NOUN	turkey	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	are those turkeys	no those are ducks	3	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fox		NOUN	fox	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think he might be a fox	no he 's a squirrel	7	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mel		PROPN	Mel	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall I pretend I 'm Mel	no you 're Florence	6	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dolly		NOUN	dolly	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	where 's the dolly 's hand	no keep her warm in there	6	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nonna		PROPN	Nonna	this	this	37	Mother	Target_Child	this is Nonna and she 's gon ta get out of the plane	no she does n't fit in there	13	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a man	no that 's a Nonna	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nonno		PROPN	Nonno	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh you mean that 's Nonno	no that 's not Nonna	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	n		NOUN	n	this	this	37	Target_Child	Mother	is this a n	no that 's an m	4	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	that	that	37	Target_Child	Mother	was that my daddy	no this is your daddy over here	4	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alligator		NOUN	alligator	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's an alligator	no a lizard	6	3	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	she	she	37	Mother	Target_Child	she 's a little baby and she 's never seen fish before	no she 's a little girl	12	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	seal		NOUN	seal	this	this	37	Target_Child	Mother	is this a seal	no what do you think that is	4	7	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	it 's wet	no I wan na wash your face with it	3	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	he	he	38	Target_Child	Mother	is he in the water	no they 're on the ground there	5	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I		PRON	I	that	that	38	Target_Child	Mother	is that me	no that 's not you	3	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plenty		NOUN	plenty	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	that 's plenty	no I need another one	3	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	person		NOUN	person	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a person	no it 's candy	4	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cloud		NOUN	cloud	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a cloud in the sky	no that 's a crack	7	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Madeline		PROPN	Madeline	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Madeline in bed	no who is that standing on the bed	5	8	declarative	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nola		PROPN	Nola	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	today I 'm gon ta go to Nola 's	no today you 're gon ta go with Mommy to Golden Gate Park	9	13	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	lady	lady	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the lady 's hungry now after her shopping	no she 's hungry	11	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	food		NOUN	food	these	this	39	Target_Child	Mother	these are the foods	no we 're washing them	4	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	kangaroo		NOUN	kangaroo	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	the kangaroo 's	no the kangaroo does n't go in the farm	3	9	trail	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crib		NOUN	crib	that	that	39	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that was a crib	no it 's a it 's a little crib	6	9	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	those	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	those are girls	no there 's some boys there too	3	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	who	who	39	Mother	Target_Child	who else is in that house	no he 's out of the house	6	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	oh okay and what are these people doing in here is this one asleep	no he 's just resting	14	5	question	declarative	Warren John	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wady	not	NOUN	wady	that	that	28	Target_Child	Father	that 's not a wady 's	no that 's the dog 's ball	6	7	declarative	declarative	Warren Katie	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	28	Father	Target_Child	no that 's a car	no a car	5	3	declarative	declarative	Warren Katie	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	zipper		NOUN	zipper	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	in other words you 're spos ta be the zipper	no we 're supposed to be Mr Z	10	8	question	declarative	Warren Beth	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	b		NOUN	b	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a b	no that 's an e	4	5	declarative	declarative	Warren Allen	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sleepy		ADJ	sleepy	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	he 's sleepy	no he sick	3	3	question	declarative	Warren Carol	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	NONE	NONE	70	Father	Target_Child	yours supposed to be the one that 's out	no I 'm not	9	4	declarative	declarative	Warren David	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	good	not	ADJ	good	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not as good as Swww 's homemade carrot cake	no I want my napkin	11	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	fight		NOUN	fight	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	must be cat fight	no there 's no cat fight Laura	4	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	Linda wants to be a big girl	no she does n't	7	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Laura		PROPN	Laura	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm Laura	no I do n't Laura	3	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no that 's	3	3	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	sundae	sundae	40	Father	Target_Child	show me what an ice+cream sundae is	no you hold it	7	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scared		ADJ	scared	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	because you were scared that Jwww got hurt	no he bit	8	3	question	trail	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	easy		ADJ	easy	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	it 's easy a medium job	no it 's not a medium	6	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no not	3	2	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	singer		NOUN	singer	NONE	NONE	19	Target_Child	Mother	doggie ow bite singers	no I mean your toy doggie	4	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Judie		PROPN	Judie	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	Laura 's going to Judie 's and Judie will take care of you	no my mommy byebye	13	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	belt		NOUN	belt	that	that	22	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a belt	no ride my Tyke Bike	4	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	milk		NOUN	milk	this	this	23	Target_Child	Mother	this is sour milk	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Toffer		PROPN	Toffer	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	not Toffer 's	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daniel		PROPN	Daniel	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	not Daniel 's	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Susie		PROPN	Susie	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	not Susie 's	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dog		NOUN	dog	it	it	23	Target_Child	Mother	is it dog caca	no it 's your caca	4	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	this	this	23	Target_Child	Mother	this is blue	no it 's purple	3	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	filthy		ADJ	filthy	this	this	24	Target_Child	Mother	this is filthy	no it 's burnt	3	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddles		PROPN	Daddles	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	is this Ducky Daddles	no it 's Donald Duck	4	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	is it	no it is n't	2	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	can		NOUN	can	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a can	no I mean that	4	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sleep		NOUN	sleep	you	you	25	Target_Child	Mother	you are sleep	no I 'm awake	3	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sheet		NOUN	sheet	caca	caca	25	Target_Child	Mother	caca was all over sheets	no it 's okay the sheets are dry	5	8	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Matthew		PROPN	Matthew	those	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	those are Matthew 's	no those are n't Matthew 's	4	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dinner		NOUN	dinner	that	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	that be my dinner tomorrow	no that 'll be your dinner for today	5	8	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bracelet		NOUN	bracelet	those	that	26	Target_Child	Mother	those are my bracelets	no those are olives	4	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blender		NOUN	blender	that	that	28	Target_Child	Mother	that 's our old blender	no it 's new	5	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Susie		PROPN	Susie	that	that	28	Target_Child	Mother	that 's Susie right	no not yet	4	3	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm too big	no it 's too big	4	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toddler		NOUN	toddler	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm a toddler right	no you 're a big girl	5	6	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dumb		ADJ	dumb	Rich	Rich	30	Target_Child	Father	Rich is dumb if he died	no he is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bad		ADJ	bad	he	he	30	Target_Child	Mother	he 's bad	no he 's not bad	3	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fault	n't	NOUN	fault	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	it was n't my fault	no it was n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	toilet		NOUN	toilet	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	I guess it 's a old toilet	no actually it 's a new toilet	7	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fellow		ADJ	fellow	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	Mama are you a fellow	no I 'm not a fellow	5	6	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hug		NOUN	hug	operation	operation	34	Target_Child	Father	an operation is a hug	no you remember what Joni did to your throat	5	9	declarative	question	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	Joanna	Joanna	35	Target_Child	Mother	when Joanna 's at school you 're only my mother	no I 'm still Jo 's mother but I only take care of you	10	14	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	school		NOUN	school	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	when I 'm at school you only take care of Jo	no when you 're at school I only take care of Sue	11	12	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Loxy		PROPN	Loxy	he	he	35	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy does n't scare my goldfish when he 's a Foxy Loxy	no he does n't	12	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	Kana	Kana	35	Target_Child	Mother	is Kana a French girl	no she 's Japanese	5	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stair		NOUN	stair	shoes	shoe	35	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy our shoes is on the stair	no that 's Joanna 's	7	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	maybe you were a grownup baby right	no I was a little baby then a toddler and a child and a teenager	7	15	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	snake		NOUN	snake	he	he	35	Target_Child	Mother	he 's a snake	no it 's leaves	4	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yellow	not	ADJ	yellow	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not yellow still is it	no it is n't	7	4	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	pregnant		ADJ	pregnant	she	she	37	Target_Child	Mother	wan na pit her she 's pregnant	no she 's not pregnant	7	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	air+conditioner		NOUN	air+conditioner	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that an air+conditioner for the sink	no I do n't know what that is	7	8	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you 're sick	no it 's more than sick	3	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	streaker		NOUN	streaker	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I could be a streaker if I wan na right because my pants are not on	no you ca n't be a streaker	16	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you 're only my mommy	no I 'm only your and Jo 's mommy	5	9	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	if you 're tired it does n't mean you 're dead	no it means you 're tired	11	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm the bestest girl	no you 're not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	gest		ADJ	gest	Jo	Jo	38	Target_Child	Mother	Jo is the bestest	no you 're both best girls	4	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pregnant		ADJ	pregnant	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you 're pregnant	no I 'm not pregnant	3	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	young		ADJ	young	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you 're too young to grow one now	no not even when I grow up	8	7	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	father	not	NOUN	father	Jack	Jack	39	Target_Child	Mother	Jack 's not your father right	no he 's my husband	6	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	mother	not	NOUN	mother	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you 're not Daddy 's mother right	no I 'm his wife	7	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	good you 're old enough to go down by yourself	no I wan na look at the garden from up here	10	11	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dead		ADJ	dead	leaves	leave	40	Mother	Target_Child	I guess the leaves are dead	no it 's an animal	6	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	danger		NOUN	danger	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	you 're danger	no I 'm not danger	3	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	enough		ADJ	enough	that	that	40	Target_Child	Mother	that 's enough for Susan	no we 'll give her a birthday party on her birthday	5	11	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	son		NOUN	son	boy	boy	41	Mother	Target_Child	a boy is always the son	no he is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	NONE	NONE	18	Target_Child	Mother	there it is	no it 's not on my shoulder	3	7	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	basement		NOUN	basement	it	it	32	Target_Child	Mother	it 's in the basement	no it 's like in the basement	5	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	squirrel		NOUN	squirrel	these	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	these are squirrels	no they 're not squirrels	3	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chipmunk		NOUN	chipmunk	this	this	35	Mother	Target_Child	okay and this is a little chipmunk	no it 's not	7	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	block		NOUN	block	those	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	well we 'll those are little blocks	no I need some money in my pocket	7	8	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	what	what	36	Mother	Target_Child	and what 's what 's at the top of the anthill	no tell me	11	3	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scary		ADJ	scary	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	oh will it be scary	no it 's no scary for the bats	5	8	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ambulance		NOUN	ambulance	this	this	35	Target_Child	Mother	is this is a ambulance	no that 's an ice cream truck	5	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tractor		NOUN	tractor	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the tractor	no that 's a backhoe	4	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	goat		NOUN	goat	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a billy goat	no he 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cow		NOUN	cow	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the mommy cow taking care of the baby	no that 's the daddy cow	10	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	one	one	31	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this one	no the bunny 's ears are up	4	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	goat		NOUN	goat	that	that	31	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the goat	no that 's a ram	4	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ram		NOUN	ram	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's a ram	no that 's a sheep	5	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	domino		PROPN	domino	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	domino 's farm um um	no we did n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	he	he	38	Mother	Target_Child	he 's not very nice is he	no I would step on him	7	6	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	is it	no it 's not exactly	2	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	those	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	what are those	no I 'm just looking at the pictures	3	8	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	is it good	no not in my tummy	3	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	who	who	35	Mother	Target_Child	who do we know who 's a ballet dancer	no I do n't know	9	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	what 's that	no I do n't wan na read that	3	8	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	papa	papa	32	Mother	Target_Child	can papa be a race car driver	no you	7	2	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	daddy	daddy	32	Mother	Target_Child	can daddy be a ballet dancer	no you	6	2	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	can Firstname be a ballet dancer	no you	6	2	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	can Firstname be a ballet dancer	no you	6	2	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	32	Mother	Target_Child	hm that 's nice	no you	4	2	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lady	not	NOUN	lady	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's not a lady	no it 's a man	6	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	comfortable	not	ADJ	comfortable	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not comfortable	no I wan na sit	4	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	purple Barney that 's him right there	no that 's the sailor	7	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	tell mommy who 's picture is of	no I do n't want that book	7	7	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sailor		NOUN	sailor	who	who	33	Mother	Target_Child	who can be a sailor	no I wan na look at I wan na hold a microphone	5	12	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	who	who	33	Mother	Target_Child	who can be a race car driver	no I do n't wan na read that book	7	9	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	spos		ADJ	spos	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's spos ta be a truck I think	no it 's a car	9	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	is it a boy	no a girl	4	3	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	same		ADJ	same	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	is that the same as that	no that 's not red	6	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	what color is that	no I do n't need you	4	6	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	somebody		PRON	somebody	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	it 's somebody who sews and makes clothes	no I do n't want you to show me	8	9	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's very nice	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirt		NOUN	dirt	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's just dirt	no it 's a little scrape	6	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	they	they	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 're on the way they should be	no I do n't think so	11	6	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	frogs	frog	55	Mother	Target_Child	frogs are only for girls huh	no they 're for girls and boys	6	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	this	this	56	Mother	Target_Child	yeah and who 's this	no that looks like Firstname	5	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	side		NOUN	side	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	it could be on the other side	no you can lay it on this maybe because yeah because this is the bottom when you lift it up	7	20	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	driver		NOUN	driver	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a race car driver and what number is he	no it 's a	11	4	question	trail	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	arm		NOUN	arm	it	it	56	Mother	Target_Child	yeah because if the bear was facing you it 'd be the left arm that 's she 's gotta sew back on right	no but mommy look	23	4	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	doll		NOUN	doll	those	that	56	Target_Child	Mother	I no that those are but um those are spos ta be girl dolls	no there 's girl dolls like the barbie dolls	14	9	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mom		NOUN	mom	that	that	56	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a mom	no it 's not	4	4	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wrench		NOUN	wrench	all	all	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think all you need is this wrench	no mom you 're no you 're supposed to you 're posed to um um um slam slam it on the side of the bike	8	25	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	axe		NOUN	axe	that	that	56	Mother	Target_Child	and that 's like the axe where she chops	no that that looks like my my red red thing and and you go like	9	15	trail	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	daddy		NOUN	daddy	policeman	policeman	50	Mother	Target_Child	what if the policeman is a daddy	no it 's it 's for for it 's for people to go in jail	7	15	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mommy		NOUN	mommy	she	she	50	Mother	Target_Child	she could be a mommy	no the pen she 's name	5	6	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	high		ADJ	high	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	moveschair I 'm higher	no you sit down	4	4	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	boys	boy	50	Mother	Target_Child	can boys be ballet dancers	no just girls	5	3	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dancer		NOUN	dancer	Firstname	Firstname	48	Mother	Target_Child	does Firstname be a ballet dancer	no she 's too little	6	5	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	music		NOUN	music	this	this	48	Mother	Target_Child	so this is music	no it 's	4	3	declarative	trail	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	foot		NOUN	foot	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's when you hop on your feet	no I missed a page	8	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	Nin_Nin		PROPN	Nin_Nin	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Nin_Nin 's chair	no it 's not Mummy 's chair	4	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yellow		ADJ	yellow	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	is yellow	no that 's the that 's the duckling that 's the baby duck that 's yellow	2	16	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby	n't	NOUN	baby	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas is n't a baby is he	no no baby	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	apple		NOUN	apple	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	it 's apple	no Nin Nin pear	3	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beaker		NOUN	beaker	what	what	26	Mother	Target_Child	what 's in the beaker	no no juice	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	interested	not	ADJ	interested	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	not a bit interested are you	no oh	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	lady		NOUN	lady	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it could be a lady who drives the car	no a bear	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you still tired	no no tea	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dadda		PROPN	Dadda	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	no Dadda 's	no it 's not Daddy 's	3	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	s this	no do n't keep saying what 's this	2	8	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	holiday		NOUN	holiday	Daddy	Daddy	26	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy 's on holiday this week	no no Dadda	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a car	no no no a choo choos	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there	not	PRON	there	he	he	26	Mother	Target_Child	he 's not there now is he	no there	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	what 's that	no there	3	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	that	that	27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a good boy	no Nin Nin	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Doctor		PROPN	Doctor	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	and we went to the Doctor 's but you missed seeing the Doctor because you went to sleep	no see him	18	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dadda		PROPN	Dadda	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	no Dadda 's	no that 's not Daddy 's	3	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	juicy		ADJ	juicy	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	is it juicy	no drink the water	3	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	and cover it up because it 's a warm day and we might get some flys if we 're not careful	no want a flys	21	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy 's tummy	no see Mummy 's tummy	3	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	no see Mummy 's tummy	no do n't do that because I do n't want my blouse getting dirty	5	14	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hat		NOUN	hat	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	is hat	no it 's not a hat	2	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	careful		ADJ	careful	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	be very careful though when you 're drinking orange juice out of a beaker like that	no spill it	16	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dull		ADJ	dull	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	but it 's dull during the day	no see Norman	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	careful		ADJ	careful	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	but you 've got to be so careful Thomas	no spill it	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy 's pen	no see it	3	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sonia		PROPN	Sonia	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that was Sonia on the phone was n't it	no no not Isabelle	9	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	story	story	29	Mother	Target_Child	and what was the story about today	no Sonia a Isabelle	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	shining	shine	29	Mother	Target_Child	shining is n't it	no now	4	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	there we are we 've got your swimming trunks and your swimsuit and your swim hat	no see Thomas	16	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	has he got Mummy 's hair	no touching Mummy 's hair	6	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	no touching Mummy 's hair	no touching Mummy 's hair	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	no touching Mummy 's hair	no no Mummy 's hair	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	London		PROPN	London	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	it was in London was n't it	no back it	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not very nice	no a peach	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	noisy		ADJ	noisy	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	it 's too noisy	no shake it	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	30	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not nice	no no toast	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	rough		ADJ	rough	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	because you 're too rough	no no too rough	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	what do you think it is	no no bag	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	willful	n't	ADJ	willful	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh you 're getting very willful are n't you	no want a bib on	9	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	customer		NOUN	customer	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	perhaps it 's a lady customer that Bob 's doing some building work for	no thank you	14	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	snotsnot		PROPN	snotsnot	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	is snotsnot	no it 's a pig Thomas	2	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	owner		NOUN	owner	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	and his owner 's did n't bother keeping him in	no a there a there	10	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sue		PROPN	Sue	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	he 's walking up Sue 's path is n't he	no no bin bags	10	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time now that Postman Pat came had a change and had something to eat and drink do n't you	no no thank you	23	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	31	Mother	Target_Child	what is the matter with you	no post them	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	31	Mother	Target_Child	what 's the matter	no post them	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Sam		PROPN	Sam	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	I would have thought there would be things like oranges in Sam 's mobile shop	no have a	15	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to be very wet	no no wet	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Linda		PROPN	Linda	they	they	31	Mother	Target_Child	they 're for Linda are they	no Linda 's	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think that might be Daddy	no not Daddy a Lisa	6	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Miss_Brown		PROPN	Miss_Brown	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	Miss_Brown 's house	no see it	3	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old	n't	ADJ	old	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	so she 's a little bit older than you is n't she	no a have a more letters over here	12	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	rush		NOUN	rush	Purdie	Purdie	31	Mother	Target_Child	Purdie 's out rushing	no a what 's that	4	5	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sorry	no eat that a dirty	3	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	day		NOUN	day	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's one day	no not one	4	3	imperative_emphatic	interruption	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	mister mess pot are n't you	no mister poo poo	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	not hold in the Mummy 's hand	no hold Mummy 's hand	7	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday		NOUN	birthday	it	it	32	Mother	Target_Child	it was her birthday yesterday was n't it	no pat her	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	start	not	NOUN	start	that	that	32	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not a good start is it	no stop it	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	one	n't	NOUN	one	these	this	32	Mother	Target_Child	because these are n't old ones are they	no shut them	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	careful		ADJ	careful	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you be careful with that because it 's not ours	no no fall down	10	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready	not	ADJ	ready	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not ready	no not	4	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	lady		NOUN	lady	she	she	33	Mother	Target_Child	because she 's she 's a very elderly lady is n't she	no it a man	12	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a little boy	no it 's a bird	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	aeroplane		NOUN	aeroplane	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it might just be an aeroplane outside	no es the door	10	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	there you are	no no go a bed	3	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	settee		NOUN	settee	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	sa not it 's under the settee	no she 's not under the settee	7	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cushion		NOUN	cushion	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Mummy 's cushion	no it 's dustbin bag	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lid		NOUN	lid	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the lid	no put it on	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	that	that	33	Mother	Target_Child	so that must be the farmer 's house	no nobody 's in it	8	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	brush	brush	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think a quick brush would be alright today	no not need a brush	9	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	beautiful	n't	ADJ	beautiful	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	that 's beautiful is n't it	no the pen	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	33	Mother	Target_Child	what is the matter	no not a on there	4	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	year		NOUN	year	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	but it 's a leap year	no no need the chocolate calendar	6	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm a sausage roll man	no I 'm sausage roll man	6	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you alright today	no I looking in this	4	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	Postman Pat is that you	no it 's not	5	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	is it	no it 's a dirty	2	5	question	self	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry	n't	ADJ	hungry	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	and you said you were n't hungry	no I not	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cornflake		NOUN	cornflake	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's why you 're having Rice Krispies and I 'm having Cornflakes	no it 's not	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	van		NOUN	van	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it was just a blue van that the lady brought them in this morning	no keep this	14	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sandwich		NOUN	sandwich	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a nice sandwich	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Archers		PROPN	Archers	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not it 's The Archers	no that 's Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall	7	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crocodile		NOUN	crocodile	Purdie	Purdie	34	Target_Child	Mother	Purdie 's a crocodile	no she 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bag	not	NOUN	bag	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	I did I said that 's not a bag of toys that 's a bag that 's a bird 's nest	no that 's a bag of toys	21	7	declarative	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	screwdriver		NOUN	screwdriver	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a screwdriver	no this is a saw	4	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	heavy		ADJ	heavy	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	right well I 'll carry them through because they 're a bit too heavy	no I need ta carry them	14	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you	n't	PRON	you	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	so it was n't just you	no it is Charlotte	6	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	fault		NOUN	fault	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's my fault Mum	no it 's not your fault	5	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	quiet		ADJ	quiet	Purdie	Purdie	34	Target_Child	Mother	Purdie 's quieter than Dimitra	no she 's not quieter than Dimitra	5	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Purdie		PROPN	Purdie	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	found a little mouse on under Purdie 's bottom	no I frightened a little mouse under her chair	9	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	ditterwa	ditterwa	35	Mother	Target_Child	what 's a ditterwa	no a dit	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Purdie		PROPN	Purdie	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na put some biscuits in Purdie 's bowl	no some some pussy cats eaten	10	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cat		NOUN	cat	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you pretending to be a pussy cat	no I fireman	7	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tractor		NOUN	tractor	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	is it your tractor	no get it	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fair		ADJ	fair	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	but it 's not fair to throw them on the floor and damage them	no I need a be a postbox	14	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	juice	juice	35	Mother	Target_Child	is your juice nice Thomas	no it is	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dirty		ADJ	dirty	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	and now you do n't touch the dustbin because it 's dirty is n't it	no I not touch clean do do do	15	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	those	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	are those all the colors of the rainbow	no es not	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	place	n't	NOUN	place	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	and that 's a good place to is n't it	no no no the comes out	10	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	are n't you	no a call me	3	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're too big	no I not	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wet		ADJ	wet	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm all wet	no you wet	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's really nice and sweet	no want it	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Purdie		PROPN	Purdie	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	in Purdie 's on my and Thomas bedroom	no she was n't sick on the bed	8	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	this	this	37	Mother	Target_Child	this is the one that has broken	no I ca n't see	7	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lunchtime		NOUN	lunchtime	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	no Thomas because it 's too near lunchtime	no after	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's an orange one in your pocket	no my tummy	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	small		ADJ	small	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you 're very small	no thank you	4	3	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea		NOUN	idea	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a good idea	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not nice	no this this Jess is not like those no more cats	4	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	green		ADJ	green	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I thought it was green	no I think	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that was n't what we were going to look at but	no wan na do any thing like that	11	8	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	that	that	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a silly billy thing to do	no not	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	noise		NOUN	noise	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it was more like a drill going whirrwhirrwhirr noise	no not	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	thing		NOUN	thing	they	they	38	Mother	Target_Child	they 're separate things for rubbish from the house and rubbish in from the garden	no he 's going to leave it there and the dustbin man can he get it away	15	17	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pant	not	NOUN	pant	they	they	38	Target_Child	Mother	no they 're not smelly pants	no they 're not smelly pants	6	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	38	Father	Target_Child	is that lolly nice	no that 's your bannister	4	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	there		PRON	there	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	she 's there look	no not	4	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly		ADJ	silly	it	it	38	Mother	Target_Child	it 's silly	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jelly		NOUN	jelly	this	this	39	Target_Child	Mother	and this is just a jelly	no do n't touch that because if you knock the jelly over you 'll get burnt	6	16	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rope	not	NOUN	rope	it	it	39	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not really a tight rope is it	no just rope	9	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	postbox		NOUN	postbox	number	number	39	Mother	Target_Child	when we walked towards the postbox you and I always haf ta guess which number 's on the postbox do n't we	no I need that one	22	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	night	n't	NOUN	night	it	it	39	Mother	Target_Child	it was n't last night was it	no it was	7	3	question	interruption	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	proud		ADJ	proud	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm proud of you	no you want da want this one	5	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	July		PROPN	July	mine	mine	39	Target_Child	Mother	mine was on July	no yours was n't in July	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bag		NOUN	bag	these	this	40	Target_Child	Mother	these are the green bags	no they 're not they are red and blue lego bricks	5	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nana		PROPN	Nana	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	is is vale bridge somewhere you 've been with Nana and grandad	no it 's a vale it 's a bridge	12	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	precious		ADJ	precious	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	out of all the little boys you 're the most precious and out of all the pussy cats	no I 'm not	18	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	40	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no it 's	3	3	declarative	interruption	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lovely	n't	ADJ	lovely	it	it	40	Mother	Target_Child	that 's lovely is n't it	no is n't	6	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	it	it	40	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not very nice is it today	no is n't	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	grateful	not	ADJ	grateful	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not very grateful are you	no I are n't	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	today		NOUN	today	that	that	41	Target_Child	Mother	oh that 's today	no no that 's Thursday today	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shop		NOUN	shop	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	or are you a shop that sells paper for drawing on	no I 'm delivery	11	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	c		NOUN	c	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	let me write let me write c r s	no you ca n't because it 's my job for aday	9	11	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not being nice to me just because you want a chocolate are you Thomas	no it 's not my chocolate I 'm gon ta deliver it round to you	16	15	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sweety	not	NOUN	sweety	those	that	42	Target_Child	Mother	those are not sweeties	no they 're not sweeties are they	4	7	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	toy		NOUN	toy	he	he	42	Mother	Target_Child	is he a toy	no he is n't	4	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fireman		NOUN	fireman	Buzz_Lightyear	Buzz_Lightyear	42	Target_Child	Mother	Buzz_Lightyear 's a fireman	no he 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	worm		NOUN	worm	that	that	42	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy that 's a worm	no it 's not a worm	5	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	no because I being sick	no thank you	5	3	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sorry		ADJ	sorry	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm sorry Mum	no I know	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	43	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time we got out of the bath	no it is n't	11	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	it	it	43	Mother	Target_Child	you 're getting a little bit ratty because it is so late	no I 'm not	12	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	43	Mother	Target_Child	no I think it 's time to get	no it is n't	8	4	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	43	Target_Child	Mother	is it	no I think it 's fine now is n't it	2	10	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nose		NOUN	nose	this	this	43	Mother	Target_Child	or is this his nose and he did n't know where it was	no it is n't	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Pat		PROPN	Pat	this	this	44	Mother	Target_Child	now this is Postman Pat	no get get that one ready yet	5	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	twin		NOUN	twin	they	they	45	Mother	Target_Child	are they twins	no they are there 's he uh Sarah is a girl	3	11	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hose		NOUN	hose	it	it	45	Mother	Target_Child	is it the hose	no it 's a hook	4	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hook		NOUN	hook	it	it	45	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's a hook	no not that	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	engine		NOUN	engine	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	is it where the hosepipe connects to the fire engine	no it does n't have	10	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	45	Mother	Target_Child	but that 's what they say on them	no but Mummy you did n't turn the fire engine off behind	8	12	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Isabelle		PROPN	Isabelle	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	we went to Isabelle 's house the other week	no we did n't	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	purple		ADJ	purple	it	it	45	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you think it 's purple	no they 're only green or grey Thomas	6	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dolphin	not	NOUN	dolphin	that	that	46	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not my dolphin though going to get wet	no but we need it wet darling	10	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bedroom		NOUN	bedroom	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	a light where your bedroom was	no I think there 's cone broken today Daddy and I said	6	12	declarative	interruption	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	microphone		NOUN	microphone	NONE	NONE	47	Target_Child	Mother	microphone 's	no you were just listening to the tape going round with nobody talking	2	13	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Thomas		PROPN	Thomas	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	is it called Thomas 's tea house	no it 's a tea shop	7	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plain		ADJ	plain	these	this	47	Mother	Target_Child	and these are just plain	no shall I tell you	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	anything		PRON	anything	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	is this because I have n't paid anything	no you just pretend you do n't do it	8	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	are you	no some currant buns	2	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	little mouse are you sure you put the mouse over here with the clown	no we wo n't	14	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Purdie	n't	PROPN	Purdie	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd be like Purdie then would n't you	no but just pretend you are very sad	9	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sandwich		NOUN	sandwich	they	they	48	Target_Child	Mother	they 're pretend sandwiches	no they 're not pretend sandwiches	4	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	she	she	48	Target_Child	Mother	was she bigger	no she was um she was older than you	3	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what	n't	PRON	what	that	that	48	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na play with you but that is n't what you should be asking me	no I do n't know	16	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	you	you	48	Target_Child	Mother	and have you been in the little one	no I have n't	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	trolley		NOUN	trolley	that	that	49	Target_Child	Mother	that was on the dinosaur museum trolley	no do n't hurt Jeannine	7	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	I just wondered with it being a racing car whether you were the builder coming to work in your racing car	no I 'm not	21	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	squirting		NOUN	squirting	it	it	50	Target_Child	Mother	but it is for squirting	no it 's not Thomas	5	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	it	it	50	Mother	Target_Child	right that 's the little breakdown truck is n't it	no it 's not it 's truck	10	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	able		ADJ	able	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	be able to manage it now do you	no I do n't think so	8	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	b		NOUN	b	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	put that on the bus because that 's a b for bus	no I do n't want one	12	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	50	Target_Child	Mother	robbers that 's it	no I should hope not because you do n't want robbers coming to the shop do you	4	17	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	present		NOUN	present	that	that	50	Mother	Target_Child	so I thought even more that would be a very nice present would n't it	no it 's not	15	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	glasses	not	NOUN	glasses	it	it	50	Target_Child	Mother	is it not glasses this time	no it 's not glasses it 's it 's the um the microphone	6	13	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sure	not	ADJ	sure	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not quite sure who you are now Thomas the policeman or the dustbin truck driver	no the dustbin	17	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	able		ADJ	able	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	well I do n't think I 'll be able to fill that one	no I do n't think you will	13	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lark		NOUN	lark	that	that	51	Target_Child	Mother	is that a lark	no that 's a different noise now	4	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Isabelle		PROPN	Isabelle	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	we went to Isabelle 's house did n't we	no we did n't	9	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plimsoll		NOUN	plimsoll	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	have you managed to do your own shoes and plimsoll 's pumps and everything	no ca n't	14	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Kiera	not	PROPN	Kiera	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	because she says I 'm not Kiera Bath	no she 's not she 's Kiera Bart is n't she	8	11	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Alex		PROPN	Alex	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	I met Alex 's Mum in Didsbury the other day did I tell you	no you have n't	14	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	is it that 's Purdie sorted is it	no she 's got to die in the food or	8	10	question	interruption	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	floor		NOUN	floor	you	you	53	Target_Child	Mother	you are the dance floor	no this on the dance floor this is your bed and it 's bed time come on	5	17	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	milk		NOUN	milk	it	it	54	Target_Child	Mother	then they have a wee and it 's milk	no it makes milk	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	machine		NOUN	machine	that	that	54	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's the tubby custard machine	no your friend	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	side		NOUN	side	it	it	55	Mother	Target_Child	if it was on its side	no it will hang on to here	6	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	it 's alright that	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	old		ADJ	old	thing	thing	56	Target_Child	Mother	and the Buzz Lightyear thing 's too old for me now	no it 's not	11	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	no but what I mean is if to get the trains	no we need to go	11	5	declarative	trail	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	look		NOUN	look	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what I was saying look	no it 's ca n't	7	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	Purdie	Purdie	57	Mother	Target_Child	Purdie is n't it	no the other one	4	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	good	n't	ADJ	good	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	that is good is n't it	no it 's not	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	mess		NOUN	mess	Purdie	Purdie	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh Purdie is in a mess	no she 's alright	6	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a stupid man	no he 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	man		NOUN	man	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh I know I hope it 's a new action man that 's squashed	no not a present for you	14	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl	not	NOUN	girl	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not girl it 's beautiful	no it 's pinky	7	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	little		ADJ	little	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	come on it 's only little little	no it 's everywhere	7	4	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's like this	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	real	not	ADJ	real	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not real	no it 's a made up name	4	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sewage		NOUN	sewage	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	uh I just pretend I was the sewage popping out	no well no we do n't haf ta pretend we 're that do we	10	14	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	own	n't	ADJ	own	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	he jumped jumped you mean he jumped in a truck very much like his own but it was n't his own	no but he forgot he said um his name	21	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	he	he	57	Mother	Target_Child	can Eddie save Oliver and prove that he is the smartest truck of all	no I do n't think it	14	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puppet		NOUN	puppet	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	it 's the puppet	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	prisoner	not	NOUN	prisoner	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not a prisoner	no you need ta stand over there and there 's a burglar behind me	5	14	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	upset		ADJ	upset	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	you 're upset now because it 's late and you 're tired	no I 'm not	12	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	uniform	not	NOUN	uniform	it	it	59	Mother	Target_Child	because you 're it 's not a school uniform is it	no but for like my coat I can have that for my jacket	11	13	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	red		ADJ	red	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	is that snowman red	no it 's white	4	4	question	declarative	Bates Keith	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	little	not	ADJ	little	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's not the littlest but it 's kind of little	no this one is little	12	5	declarative	declarative	Bates Nan	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	24	Father	Target_Child	what 's that	no what 's dis	3	4	question	question	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monkey		NOUN	monkey	that	that	24	Father	Target_Child	that 's a monkey	no dat not a monkey	4	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	money		NOUN	money	it	it	24	Father	Target_Child	I thought it was Daddy 's money	no no it 's myo Mommy	7	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I 'm ready for my pie now	no der 's yer masta potatoes now	7	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Bob		PROPN	Bob	that	that	30	Father	Target_Child	that 's for Bob and Anne	no das not for Bob an Anne	6	7	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mickey		PROPN	Mickey	it	it	32	Target_Child	Father	yeah it 's Mickey	no it 's Minnie	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	airplane		NOUN	airplane	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	you 're a airplane	no you 're an airplane	4	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	town		NOUN	town	you	you	32	Target_Child	Father	you 're a western town	no you are	5	3	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hoowey		NOUN	hoowey	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	you 're a hoowey	no I 'm not hoowey	4	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Grampa	n't	PROPN	Grampa	it	it	34	Father	Target_Child	that 's the Grampa from last time is n't it	no de he dis	10	4	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	head		NOUN	head	it	it	34	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's a tomato head	no it 's a airpwane	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	head		NOUN	head	it	it	34	Father	Target_Child	I think it 's ah potata head	no it 's a airpwane	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	airplane	not	NOUN	airplane	that	that	35	Father	Target_Child	that 's not an airplane that 's a bus	no an airplane	9	3	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bus		NOUN	bus	it	it	35	Father	Target_Child	it 's a bus	no no no an airplane	4	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	scene		NOUN	scene	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Father	this is going to be a funny scene	no I did n't mean to take it from you	8	10	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dead		ADJ	dead	it	it	36	Father	Target_Child	it 's dead	no its dead and we haf ta take it to the doctor	3	12	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	it	it	36	Father	Target_Child	sure it is	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Gobot		PROPN	Gobot	that	that	37	Father	Target_Child	but I think that 's a Gobot	no it 's a motorcycle	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yellow		ADJ	yellow	this	this	46	Father	Target_Child	if this is yellow why is this purple	no it 's yellow	8	4	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	amigo		NOUN	amigo	it	it	46	Father	Target_Child	it 's the three amigos	no no the fifteen amigos are the bad guys	5	9	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	46	Father	Target_Child	what is it	no hit him real hard	3	5	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stuck		ADJ	stuck	it	it	47	Father	Target_Child	it 's stuck	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	she	she	24	Mother	Target_Child	she 's too big for that little one	no here	8	2	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	what was it	no a lion	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	no	ADJ	good	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's no good	no no goods	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	or is it Jwww 's truck	no Fraser 's	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	was that baby Fraser	no a Neen	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hungry		ADJ	hungry	Fraser	Fraser	24	Mother	Target_Child	is Fraser hungry	no a juice	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	was it a car	no a tractor	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Mummy 's	no my pencils	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		NOUN	blue	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	they 're Mummy 's blues	no my yellows	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bag		NOUN	bag	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Mummy 's bag	no you	5	2	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sunglass		NOUN	sunglass	these	this	24	Mother	Target_Child	are these Mummy 's sunglasses then	no my glasses	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's house	no it 's in your house	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's house	no that 's not Jwww 's house	3	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's house	no that 's not Jwww 's house	3	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is it not Jwww 's	no Fraser 's	5	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Fraser 's	no Fraser do n't stand on that darling	3	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	messy		ADJ	messy	one	one	24	Target_Child	Mother	that one 's messy	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Fraser 's pen	no it 's Mummy 's pen	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pen		NOUN	pen	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's Mummy 's pen	no is Fraser 's pen	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	mummy		NOUN	mummy	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	no Mummy 's pen	no my pen	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy 's	no they 're Mummy 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah is that Jwww 's	no Fraser 's	5	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	is it Jwww 's	no Fraser 's	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Jwww 's	no they 're Mummy 's	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're Mummy 's	no Fraser 's	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's either Jwww 's or Fraser 's is n't it	no Fraser 's	12	3	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is that Jwww 's	no Fraser 's	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Minnie		PROPN	Minnie	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Minnie 's	no Fraser 's	2	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	but I 'm sure they 'll turn up	no a toybox	8	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's	no that 's Fraser 's	2	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's	no they 're Fraser 's pajamas	2	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Jwww 's	no they 're Fraser 's	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	plant		NOUN	plant	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's a plant	no a clock	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	24	Father	Target_Child	what 's that 's a washing+machine	no a	6	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's	no they 're all Fraser 's shoes now	2	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	no Jwww 's	no they 're Fraser 's	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	some of them useta be Jwww 's because they were	no Fraser 's	10	3	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're Fraser 's	no Fraser 's	5	3	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	is it	no we need ta go and post some letters	2	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you tired	no a yucky	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	24	Mother	Target_Child	what 's the matter	no not fair	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's house	no that 's not Jwww 's house	3	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy 's pen	no my pen	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pen		NOUN	pen	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's my pen	no a my pens	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pen		NOUN	pen	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	they 're my pens	no my pens	4	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bud		NOUN	bud	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a bud	no a moon	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	is it Mummy 's car	no m no Fraser 's	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	is it this one	no that one	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	Jwww 's room	no I know where it is	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's my chair	no my chair	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	chair		NOUN	chair	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's my chair	no my chair	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	seat		NOUN	seat	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's my seat	no my seat	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book	not	NOUN	book	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	is that not the lion book	no a tiger	6	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy 's home	no Daddy 's not home	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Fraser	no do n't do that pig	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clown		NOUN	clown	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a clown	no that 's a clown	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	car		NOUN	car	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's a police car	no a police car	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	no that Jwww 's	no that 's Mummy 's	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	no that Jwww 's	no that 's Mummy 's	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	box		NOUN	box	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's Mummy 's box	no da Awww 's box	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	woman		NOUN	woman	one	one	25	Mother	Target_Child	that one 's a police woman Fraser	no an astronaut	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	come on Fraser you 've been a really clever boy going on your potty today	no my pants	15	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it	n't	PRON	it	triangle	triangle	25	Mother	Target_Child	triangle is n't it	no a	4	2	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	that	that	25	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a train	no it 's a boat darling	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boat		NOUN	boat	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's a boat darling	no a boat	6	3	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boat		NOUN	boat	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's a boat	no a boat	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	it	it	25	Father	Target_Child	what is it	no a book	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jigsaw+puzzle		NOUN	jigsaw+puzzle	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	is that your jigsaw+puzzle	no my jigsaw puzzle	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	easy		ADJ	easy	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not easy to do either	no washing the clothes	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Swww		PROPN	Swww	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Swww	no it 's banging a a banging a a a banging a hammer	3	13	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	that	that	26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right	no gone a work	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Tigger		PROPN	Tigger	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	Tigger 's mine	no my Tigger	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Tigger		PROPN	Tigger	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's my Tigger	no my Tigger	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you are a cheeky boy	no you cheeky boy	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hair		NOUN	hair	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's my hair	no my hair	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monster	n't	NOUN	monster	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 're the monster are n't you	no you 're them	7	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	monster		NOUN	monster	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a monster	no you 're a monster	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it was Fraser	no it 's Mummy	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	it	it	26	Mother	Target_Child	it was Fraser	no it 's Mummy	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monster		NOUN	monster	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're a monster	no I monster	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monster		NOUN	monster	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a monster	no I not	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		NOUN	blue	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	well we 're just about to play blue 's clues to figure out what blue wants to do tonight	no I do it	19	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are n't you	no I want	3	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Thomas		PROPN	Thomas	that	that	27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's my Thomas	no do n't play with that now	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	teddy+bear		NOUN	teddy+bear	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's my teddy+bear	no that 's my teddy+bear	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tired		ADJ	tired	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you tired	no I 'm being naughty	3	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	on on Jwww 's bed	no they 're not all in Jwww 's bed	5	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nighttime		ADJ	nighttime	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's nighttime	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sleeping		NOUN	sleeping	Mummy	Mummy	27	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy 's sleeping	no no Jwww 's sleeping	3	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	high+chair		NOUN	high+chair	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	is that my high+chair	no that 's my high+chair	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	high+chair		NOUN	high+chair	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	is it Jwww 's high+chair	no that 's my high+chair	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's bath time	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	time		NOUN	time	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's bath time	no it is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	naughty		ADJ	naughty	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you being naughty	no y	4	2	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you Mummy 's baby	no there	5	2	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	28	Mother	Target_Child	that 's it	no I not I not like you to tidy up	3	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	it 's still Daddy	no no no I not old	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	is n't he	no I wan na put them	3	6	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	29	Target_Child	Mother	oh what 's that	no that 's Jwww 's book	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	who is it	no they 've I thought I heard something	3	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ladybird	not	NOUN	ladybird	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not a ladybird	no it 's not a ladybird	5	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	it was Daddy	no it was you	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dolphin	not	NOUN	dolphin	he	he	29	Target_Child	Mother	he 's not a dolphin	no that 's a whale	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it	no it is n't	2	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	truck		NOUN	truck	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a truck is n't it	no it 's not	7	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	balloon		NOUN	balloon	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	is this my balloon	no that 's my balloon	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	foot		NOUN	foot	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	is that his feet	no his foot	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hanger		NOUN	hanger	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a green hanger	no say green	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	29	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this	no I I got this on	3	6	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	stuff	n't	NOUN	stuff	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're cute stuff are n't you	no you cute stuff	7	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	naughty	n't	ADJ	naughty	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're naughty are n't you	no it 's Tigger	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	crocodile		NOUN	crocodile	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	how a many a crocodile it is	no you	7	2	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monkey	n't	NOUN	monkey	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you are a cheeky little monkey are n't you	no I 'm	9	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	and it 's hot	no it 's not hot	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	open	not	ADJ	open	it	it	31	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's not open	no I do n't wan na see it	6	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	cute		ADJ	cute	baby	baby	31	Mother	Target_Child	the baby is really cute	no it 's not	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	number		NOUN	number	that	that	31	Target_Child	Mother	that 's number ten	no that 's number eight	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cupboard		NOUN	cupboard	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	is it in my cupboard	no I do n't think it 's in your cupboard	5	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	it 's because you 're a little boy Fraser	no I have a boy	9	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	funny		ADJ	funny	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're funny	no I think you 're funny	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	are you a silly boy	no you 're a silly	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you	n't	PRON	you	it	it	32	Target_Child	Mother	and it was n't you	no it was n't me	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	color	color	32	Mother	Target_Child	what 's your favorite color	no I 'm red	5	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww	n't	PROPN	Jwww	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	it was n't Jwww it was you	no it was Jwww	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	no it was Jwww	no it was you	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	no it was you	no it 's	4	3	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	is it	no it 's not	2	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	piece	not	NOUN	piece	that	that	33	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not the other piece	no that does that 's not right is it	6	9	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hard		ADJ	hard	one	one	33	Mother	Target_Child	is this one too hard for you	no it 's not	7	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	puzzle		NOUN	puzzle	this	this	33	Mother	Target_Child	this is my puzzle	no I 'm trying to fix this	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you a silly boy	no I not a silly	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	but this a piece of Jwww 's car	no it 's not	8	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy	not	NOUN	boy	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you were not a happy boy were you	no I just I not a good boy	8	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	door		NOUN	door	this	this	33	Target_Child	Mother	is this the door	no look there 's the door here look	4	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it was you	no it was you	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sock		NOUN	sock	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	they 're clean socks	no they 're smelly	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	big		ADJ	big	this	this	34	Target_Child	Mother	and this is big	no that 's little	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clean		ADJ	clean	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	no I 'm clean	no you 're not clean	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clean		ADJ	clean	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	no I 'm I 'm I 'm clean	no you 're not	8	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Blue		PROPN	Blue	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	was it Blue	no it was children	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Triceratops	not	PROPN	Triceratops	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not like a Triceratops	no it 's	6	3	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Rex		PROPN	Rex	that	that	34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's saurus Rex	no that 's not a Tyrannosaurus Rex	4	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	botbot		NOUN	botbot	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you are because you still have botbots	no I not	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's how you write my name	no it 's not	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you	not	PRON	you	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	was it not you	no it was Jwww	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Bobby		PROPN	Bobby	name	name	35	Mother	Target_Child	that his name 's Bobby	no he he 's called Ba	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Olie		PROPN	Olie	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a Roly Polie Olie	no it 's Rolie Polie Olie	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I am a big boy	no you 're a baby	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	no you 're a baby	no I 'm big boy	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	that	that	35	Target_Child	Mother	is that Daddy	no that 's you	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	because I 'm a big boy	no you 're not	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	if she 's walking on her own she needs to hold her Mummy 's hand does n't she	no she 's going	18	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	curve		NOUN	curve	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that are the all curve	no that one you put there the last bit was a straight bit of road	5	15	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Fraser		PROPN	Fraser	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Fraser 's is n't it	no no it 's not Jwww is it	7	8	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jeannine	not	PROPN	Jeannine	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not Jeannine 's	no I did n't say it was Jeannine 's	5	9	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	box	not	NOUN	box	those	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	those are not boxes	no but these are boxes here	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	order		NOUN	order	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	they 're in a different order now are they	no they in a different order	9	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	top	not	NOUN	top	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not honey tree top is it	no it 's not a honey tree top	8	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	is it	no those ones are missing some pieces	2	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	right		ADJ	right	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	is this right	no not quite	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Cwww		PROPN	Cwww	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	now he 's Cwww at my babyschool	no he 's probably at home because babyschool is closed today	7	11	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water		NOUN	water	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that the water	no I think that 's sand	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	silly	n't	ADJ	silly	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	that was silly was n't it	no I hurt my dummy	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	baby	not	NOUN	baby	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	are I not a baby any more	no you 're a big boy now are n't you	7	10	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sink		NOUN	sink	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the sink there	no it 's not under the sink there	5	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not wan na read Jwww 's book any more	no I 'm finish it now	11	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Grandmas		PROPN	Grandmas	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not we have n't got two Great Grandmas	no you have n't got two Great Grandmas	10	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turtle		NOUN	turtle	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that the turtle	no I want do that first	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hard	not	ADJ	hard	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	this is not too hard for me	no it 's not too hard for you is it	7	10	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	shed	not	NOUN	shed	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not that 's not a shed	no that 's not a shed is it	8	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	what color is it	no it 's orange	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	grey	not	ADJ	grey	they	they	36	Target_Child	Mother	but they 're not grey like the zebra	no they 're light grey are n't they	8	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	lion		NOUN	lion	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the lion and that 's the jackal	no there n n n another one	9	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	jackal		NOUN	jackal	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that a jackal	no that 's a lion	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crocodile		NOUN	crocodile	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	is it a crocodile	no these ones are called alligators	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	flower	not	NOUN	flower	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	but it 's not a flower really	no it 's not a flower	7	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	road		NOUN	road	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the road	no the world	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	then that 's it	no I think that 's it Fraser	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not nice is it	no it 's not	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Joe	n't	PROPN	Joe	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah that 's Joe is n't it	no no let me see it	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	book	not	NOUN	book	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's this is not a dinosaur book is it Mum	no it 's a jigsaw+puzzle is n't it	11	8	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	dinosaur		NOUN	dinosaur	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not for the dinosaur one	no it 's not	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shape	not	NOUN	shape	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	but it 's not a shape like a ankylosaurus	no it 's not is it	9	6	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	look		NOUN	look	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	ah here it is look	no let me no I haf ta	5	7	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	noisy		ADJ	noisy	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	were was were I being noisy too	no you were being a good boy	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one	not	NOUN	one	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not a real one	no it 's not a real one	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	upstairs		ADJ	upstairs	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	no you 're upstairs with Mummy	no I not	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not that one	no that 's Mummy and Daddy 's room is n't it	5	11	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	brown	n't	ADJ	brown	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	they 're brown are n't they	no they 're not	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	funny		ADJ	funny	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	because it 's funny	no it 's not funny	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mum		PROPN	Mum	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we not finish yet are we Mum	no we 're not finished but that 's um all that we can do	7	14	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	what 's	no do n't touch it	2	5	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	number	n't	NOUN	number	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	but Christopher is n't a number is he	no Christopher does n't have a number does he	8	9	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	number	n't	NOUN	number	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	but Christopher is n't a number is he	no Christopher Robin does n't have a number	8	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	house	not	NOUN	house	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	but that that 's not gran Great_Grandma 's house is it	no that 's not Great_Grandma 's house	11	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sick	n't	ADJ	sick	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it was n't sick	no it was n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	giraffe		NOUN	giraffe	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the giraffe	no that 's not a giraffe	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ground		NOUN	ground	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	in the ground outside is n't she	no I want it next to me	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	soil		NOUN	soil	those	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is those the soil	no those are the seeds	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	but but where 's who 's is is that his toy	no that 's Arnold	11	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he	not	PRON	he	she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	hey she 's not he not he 's not a number is he	no he does n't have a number	13	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	you	not	PRON	you	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	was it not you	no it was	4	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	horsy		NOUN	horsy	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	and this is a horsy	no that 's a dog	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sticker		NOUN	sticker	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	has it got is that oh somebody is there all somebody got any more stickers	no that 's it	15	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby	not	NOUN	baby	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	but I 'm not a baby now are my	no what are you	9	4	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	was that you	no it was Jwww	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turtle		NOUN	turtle	that	that	36	Father	Target_Child	that 's a turtle	no it 's a hat	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	upside+down		NOUN	upside+down	that	that	36	Father	Target_Child	is that upside+down	no it 's not upside+down	3	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tail		NOUN	tail	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	is that his tail	no that does n't go	4	5	question	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	is it not that one	no not not	5	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bedroom		NOUN	bedroom	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's still in the bedroom is n't it	no I do n't I do n't wan na play that dinosaur that dinosaur jigsaw+puzzle	9	15	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday	n't	NOUN	birthday	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it was n't was n't Jwww 's birthday after my birthday	no your Jwww had his birthday first and then you had your birthday did n't you	11	16	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	slide	not	NOUN	slide	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not a slide is it	no that 's not a slide	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	36	Father	Target_Child	was it you	no it was Jwww	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bit	not	NOUN	bit	that	that	36	Target_Child	Father	that 's not the down bit	no but that goes there	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that your name	no it 's the din it 's the dinosaur 's name	4	11	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	matter	matter	36	Mother	Target_Child	what 's the matter	no I just	4	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hand	not	NOUN	hand	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not that 's not a hand	no that 's not a hand is it	8	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	face		NOUN	face	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's like a it 's like a smily face	no that 's that 's not a curly k	10	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	finish	not	ADJ	finish	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I 'm not finish yet have I	no not yet	8	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	brown	not	ADJ	brown	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	but how but it 's not brown	no it 's not is it	7	6	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	brother		NOUN	brother	this	this	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought this was the brother one	no it 's the sister	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	those	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	and what are those	no these ones	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	owl		NOUN	owl	these	this	36	Mother	Target_Child	no these are the owl and the pussycat because look they 've got nothing on the back have they	no they got nothing on the back	19	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	m		PROPN	m	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	m but Mothers Day is still it 's still Mothers Day	no it 's not	11	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	he 's probably at his house	no he 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	are n't you	no I not	3	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	noisy		ADJ	noisy	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that bit noisy	no that 's not too noisy	4	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wolf		NOUN	wolf	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the Mummy wolf is n't it	no that 's a baby wolf	8	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tiger		NOUN	tiger	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the tiger	no that 's that 's the um panther	4	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was you	no it was Jwww	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	was it you	no it was the elephant	3	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baddy		NOUN	baddy	those	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	those are the baddies	no these are all the	4	5	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baddy		NOUN	baddy	those	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	are those are the baddies	no those are the goodies	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	she 's a girl	no that 's a boy	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	elephant		NOUN	elephant	Baloo	Baloo	36	Father	Target_Child	is Baloo a elephant	no a bear	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Jwww		PROPN	Jwww	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	some of Jwww 's	no my medicine	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	be		PROPN	be	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	r	no do n't do that	1	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	house		NOUN	house	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that is that Lwww 's house	no that 's not Lwww 's house	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	you		PRON	you	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	well so I think it 's you that 's doing it	no it 's the frog	11	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cold	not	ADJ	cold	jumper	jumper	36	Target_Child	Mother	some uh my my jumper 's not cold	no a jumper will make you warm	8	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	think is she a girl	no that 's Mr Messy	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	he		PRON	he	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	there is on the there that that 's that 's him there	no that 's they 're different people because that one there 's Mr Noisy	12	14	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Mr		PROPN	Mr	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	I bet that 's Mr Tall	no that 's Mr Tall	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	it		PRON	it	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	is n't it	no that 's Mr Funny	3	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	this is this is has n't got lots of toys in has it	no you 've taken all the toys out have n't you	13	11	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good	n't	ADJ	good	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	that wo n't be good wo n't it	no it wo n't be good if he falls will it	8	11	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Rwww		PROPN	Rwww	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's Rwww	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	this		PRON	this	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	is this is this from is this from Jwww 's party	no that 's for Jwww 's birthday present because it 's Jwww 's birthday+party next week is n't it	11	19	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	name		NOUN	name	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	is this Jwww 's name	no that 's your name	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	Eeyore	Eeyore	36	Mother	Target_Child	what color is Eeyore	no not me not me	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	is it not nice	no it 's hurting me	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	blankey	not	NOUN	blankey	it	it	36	Target_Child	Father	it 's not a blankey	no it 's a hankie	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	maybe he was just hot	no he 's crying	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that alright now	no not my finger	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Kwww		PROPN	Kwww	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	does she live up to does they live next to Kwww 's house	no she does n't live next to Kwww 's house	13	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	green	not	ADJ	green	it	it	36	Target_Child	Father	it 's not dark green	no it 's not dark green	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Mummy		PROPN	Mummy	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and see Mummy 's buds on the flowers on the on the sweet+peas	no I wan na color	18	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	blue		ADJ	blue	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that that 's light blue	no do n't do it on the carpet Fraser because it might go through	5	14	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	tooth		NOUN	tooth	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that his sharp teeth	no this is his teeth	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ghost		NOUN	ghost	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	is it a ghost	no a monster	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cross		NOUN	cross	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	is he cross	no he 's he 's M he 's he 's he 's he 's he 's big	3	17	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	monster		NOUN	monster	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	is that a scary monster	no this is the happy	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	baby		NOUN	baby	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	ah is that a little baby	no that 's the brother	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	color		NOUN	color	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	this is a bright color	no I do n't wan na use yellow	5	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	face		NOUN	face	this	this	36	Mother	Target_Child	this is the face	no that 's the that 's the	4	7	trail	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dark		ADJ	dark	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	I think it 's dark outside	no it 's not dark now	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dark	not	ADJ	dark	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	Mum it 's not dark	no it 's not dark yet	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	bit	not	NOUN	bit	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	but not a big bit is it	no not a big bit just a little bit	7	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	it gon ta is it gon ta be a train	no it 's not gon ta be a train	10	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	train		NOUN	train	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	is it not gon ta be a train	no it 's not gon ta be a train	8	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	web	not	NOUN	web	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	is it not the spider 's web	no it 's not the spider 's web at all	7	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	boy	not	NOUN	boy	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I not a naughty boy are my	no you 're not a naughty boy	7	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	is that good	no it goes in this one here	3	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	shelf		NOUN	shelf	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	is this a shelf	no that 's just the empty box now	4	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bedtime	not	NOUN	bedtime	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not bedtime	no it 's not bedtime yet no	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	morning	n't	NOUN	morning	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's still morning is n't	no it 's not morning	6	5	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	dark	not	ADJ	dark	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't but it 's not but it 's not it 's not it 's not dark it 's morning	no it 's not dark yet	22	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	mirror	not	NOUN	mirror	they	they	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not mirrors are they	no they 're not mirrors	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	they		PRON	they	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	but they 're not but they 're not the same are they	no there 's that Postman Pat book	12	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	loud	not	ADJ	loud	this	this	36	Target_Child	Mother	this is not loud	no that 's not loud is it	4	7	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	Joe		PROPN	Joe	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	so tell me what you 've been doing at Joe 's party Fraser	no no get the sticky tape	13	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	I	not	PRON	I	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not for me is it	no it 's for Blue	7	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	birthday	not	NOUN	birthday	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not my birthday anymore is it	no your birthday 's finished	8	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	fun		ADJ	fun	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's fun	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know who she is	no I do n't know who she is either	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	who		PRON	who	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't know who that is	no we do n't know who that is do we	7	10	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bedroom		NOUN	bedroom	Daddy	Daddy	37	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy 's in bedroom	no he 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sound	not	NOUN	sound	they	they	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not the sound what birds make do they	no not really	10	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	d	not	NOUN	d	they	they	37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's not a d what tiger make do they	no it sounded like a cat	10	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	night+time		ADJ	night+time	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	is it night+time	no it 's not night+time yet	3	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	night+time	not	ADJ	night+time	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	is it not night+time anymore	no not at the moment	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	sure		ADJ	sure	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	are you sure	no I think it was you	3	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girlie	n't	NOUN	girlie	she	she	37	Father	Target_Child	Blue 's a girlie is n't she	no it 's	7	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	owl		NOUN	owl	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's an Owl	no playing a guitar	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	it	it	37	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not very nice is it	no you do n't run do you	7	7	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	neat		ADJ	neat	it	it	37	Target_Child	Mother	is it neat	no it 's not very neat is it	3	8	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sick		ADJ	sick	that	that	24	Target_Child	Mother	that 's sick	no that 's a new	3	5	declarative	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a big girl	no not with	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	this	this	24	Mother	Target_Child	Awww what 's this what 's this	no I want	7	3	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	what	what	24	Mother	Target_Child	Awww what 's the what 's	no do n't want temperature	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	toe		NOUN	toe	those	that	24	Father	Target_Child	those are your toes	no watch a	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	able		ADJ	able	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	be able to sing	no I 'm not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dada		PROPN	Dada	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	will you say that to Dada 's	no I will not	7	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	frog		NOUN	frog	that	that	24	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a frog	no it 's not a frog darling	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice		ADJ	nice	that	that	24	Mother	Target_Child	is that nice	no this muesli um	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	star		NOUN	star	they	they	25	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're stars darling	no they stars	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	pink		ADJ	pink	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	what color is the flower darling it 's pink you need a pink one	no I want do it a a yellow one	14	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	funny	not	ADJ	funny	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not funny you put them back in	no I wan na do this one	9	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	queen		NOUN	queen	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	it was I wonder if it 's q for queen	no it 's c for cat	10	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	because he 's better or shall we leave it on	no uh do it to	10	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	lid	n't	NOUN	lid	that	that	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's is n't that lid for your teapot	no that 's for	9	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	number		NOUN	number	one	one	27	Mother	Target_Child	what number 's this one	no want this	5	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	crab		NOUN	crab	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	think it 's a little crab	no it 's big crab	6	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	you 're better	no Daddy you press it	3	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	late		ADJ	late	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do n't be too late	no I wan na do a poo poo	5	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	cup		NOUN	cup	that	that	28	Mother	Target_Child	is that half a cup yet Eleanor	no not yet	7	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ewww		PROPN	Ewww	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	E Ewww 's house	no we can draw one on here	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	what		PRON	what	that	that	28	Target_Child	Mother	that 's what	no you had Bob the Builder last year	3	8	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	clever		ADJ	clever	Eleanor	Eleanor	28	Mother	Target_Child	wow whee Eleanor 's so clever	no I wan na do it	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sharp		ADJ	sharp	it	it	29	Target_Child	Father	it 's really sharp then	no it 's not sharp	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bird		NOUN	bird	that	that	29	Target_Child	Father	Daddy no that 's for the birds	no this is fresh bread	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nice	not	ADJ	nice	that	that	29	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not very nice	no I see	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	leave		NOUN	leave	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	is that the leaves	no it is n't	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	turn		NOUN	turn	it	it	30	Target_Child	Mother	now it 's my turn	no now it 's my turn	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	darling		NOUN	darling	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're my darling	no you my darling	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish		NOUN	fish	that	that	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think that 's a fish	no that 's a tortoise is n't it	6	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bracelet		NOUN	bracelet	it	it	32	Father	Target_Child	it 's a bracelet	no it 's a Sellotape	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hat		NOUN	hat	it	it	32	Father	Target_Child	it 's a hat	no is n't	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wheel		NOUN	wheel	it	it	32	Father	Target_Child	it 's a wheel	no it is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	busy		ADJ	busy	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	you go and play games on your own darling because I 'm busy	no you	13	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	sticky		ADJ	sticky	it	it	33	Father	Target_Child	is it sticky	no I do it	3	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	nose		NOUN	nose	that	that	33	Target_Child	Mother	that can be the nose	no you need a round one darling	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	book		NOUN	book	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's your writing book	no I need ta get them	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	busy		ADJ	busy	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	did he say he was busy	no he 's not	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	much		ADJ	much	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	so how much is it	no you haf ta knock on the door	5	8	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	adult		NOUN	adult	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	you just said they 're for adults	no they adults	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Dada		PROPN	Dada	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	I can here Dada 's car	no not not now darling because it 's very dark	6	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	boy		NOUN	boy	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	he 's been such a good boy	no he ha is n't	7	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	number		NOUN	number	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	I thought that you were number thirty	no I was this one	7	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	girl		NOUN	girl	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you 're a clever girl Eleanor	no this is a house	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	that		PRON	that	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	they 're not spos ta be like that	no get me some	8	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Ewww		PROPN	Ewww	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	shall shall I put them in Ewww 's um present so er it 's safe	no leave it there	15	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	party		NOUN	party	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's party	no Eleanor not yet	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	one		NOUN	one	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's the one	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	way		NOUN	way	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a funny way	no it does n't go in that way does it	5	10	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	be		NOUN	be	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	no that 's a r	no that 's r	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hiccup		NOUN	hiccup	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	it 's a k hiccups	no it 's a burp	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fair		ADJ	fair	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's fair	no it is n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	easy		ADJ	easy	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's easier to eat in squares	no I do n't want it in small squares	7	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fun	n't	NOUN	fun	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	ooh this is good fun is n't it	no a little bed	8	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	twin		NOUN	twin	they	they	36	Target_Child	Mother	they are twins	no they 're not twins darling	3	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	wardrobe		NOUN	wardrobe	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's a wardrobe	no it 's this is a high bed	4	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Daddy		PROPN	Daddy	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's Daddy shutting the door	no it was n't Dada	8	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	idea		NOUN	idea	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's a good idea	no he 's too too Swww 's little darling	5	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	good		ADJ	good	that	that	36	Target_Child	Mother	yeah that 's good	no no I do n't wan na read in bed	4	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	everybody		PRON	everybody	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na take everybody 's clothes off because	no you do n't take	9	5	trail	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	water+lily		NOUN	water+lily	that	that	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's water+lilies	no there	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	fish+finger		NOUN	fish+finger	mine	mine	36	Target_Child	Mother	mine 's fish+fingers	no you had fish+fingers this afternoon darling	3	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	yoghurt		NOUN	yoghurt	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 's raspberry flavor yoghurt	no it 's worm flavor	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
learning	labeling	alright		ADJ	alright	that	that	18	Mother	Target_Child	is that alright	no oh	3	2	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	green		ADJ	green	that	that	22	Target_Child	Father	that 's green	no that 's red	3	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	green		ADJ	green	it	it	23	Target_Child	Father	is it green	no sweetheart it 's not green	3	6	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	hot		ADJ	hot	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Father	is hot	no sweetheart I just like a little something in it	2	10	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Nomi		PROPN	Nomi	it	it	26	Target_Child	Mother	it 's for Nomi	no it 's for another baby honey	4	7	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	Michelle		PROPN	Michelle	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	are we going to Michelle 's	no we 're not going to Michelle 's	6	8	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dish+washer		NOUN	dish+washer	this	this	31	Target_Child	Father	this is the dish+washer	no that 's the cupboard	4	5	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	bed	not	NOUN	bed	that	that	31	Target_Child	Father	that is not Kimberly 's bed	no that 's not Kimberly 's bed	6	7	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	merry+go+round		NOUN	merry+go+round	that	that	32	Target_Child	Father	that 's the merry+go+round	no that 's Mystic	4	4	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	word		NOUN	word	this	this	41	Mother	Target_Child	right and this is the word that says baby	no you do it by yourself	9	6	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	dry	not	ADJ	dry	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not dry you 're soaking wet	no I 'm not	8	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
learning	labeling	pineapple		NOUN	pineapple	she	she	55	Father	Target_Child	oh well maybe she 's with the pineapple	no she is n't she 's right here dummy	8	9	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	ready		ADJ	ready	we	we	55	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll get your hair brushed and then you can play in here until we 're ready to go okay	no I like to	20	4	question	trail	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
learning	labeling	rattle		NOUN	rattle	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it could be a rattle	no that 's just plain	5	5	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
