Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	comb		can	can	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	can I comb your hair	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	open		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Father	open it	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	I ca n't drink outa that airplane	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	let me see for a second	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bang		can	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	can I uh bang on the table and make lots of noise at Jen Jen 's house	no	17	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	ee um daddy 's g gus g g gon ta come off his tsair and say	no no ca n't yell at Dzen Dzen 's house	16	10	quotation	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	can I drink it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	can I use this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	scoop		can	can	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	here I can scoop some chicken noodles off your back	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Father	yeah we do	no we do n't	3	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Father	go go sweep	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Father	well first take him off the truck	no let me wait wait do n't pull do n't pull do n't pull oh look at what your doing	7	20	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	get me out of this plane	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Father	Target_Child	okay then I 'm gon ta play in my dump truck	no that 's mine	11	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	Peter put it on the box come on	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Target_Child	want me to do it	no no	5	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	borrow		can	can	I	I	24	Investigator	Target_Child	yes can I borrow your pen	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	Peter I do n't think that 's a good idea I do n't think that 's a good idea okay no no no want ta put it back	no	28	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Investigator	Target_Child	well I 'm gon ta look and see what 's in here you did n't really show it to oh what do you do with this	no that 's mine	26	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Investigator	Target_Child	look at that	no no no	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Investigator	Target_Child	gone gone gone	no that 's my writing	3	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	can I use your pencil	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	well can I look at it	no it 's tire a tire	6	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bring	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	did n't bring it tape	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	oh can I wear it for awhile	no I 'm wear it for awhile	7	7	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	you gon ta come in here	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put them back in the drawer okay	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pull		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	pull it out	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	can I use this right now	no I 'm use it	6	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	knock		ca	can	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	ca n't I knock it down	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	break		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	can I break this	no you cannot break that	4	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	is a lady driving the car	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	oh wonderful thank you	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I give those Pat	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	walk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	okay walk	no I ca n't I 'm busy	2	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't know let 's see	no it 's mine	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ride		can	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	can I ride your horse	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	is that why I ca n't touch it	no ca n't touch it	8	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you haf ta go to the bath+room	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mess		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't want it all messed up right	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	okay you gon ta put it where there are n't any toys	no uh	12	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you ready to take a nap now	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	okay you pick one out and give it to her	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't do it all by myself	no you ca n't do it all by yourselves	8	9	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	push		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	to push it oh you want ta give me my pen and put it back in the um pencil case for me	no I 'm you gon ta you gon ta get it tomorrow	22	12	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't see hm is it the living room maybe	no we can make it the living room	11	8	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	is that the kind of noise a guitar makes	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	she does a lot of sleeping Pete	no no no no	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you want ta take your nap now	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	come on Pete	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't take it out the	no no	6	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's put this up here	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Investigator	Target_Child	make the clowns dance	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	now can I do it	no now I do a dit	5	6	question	declarative	Bloom Gia	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta go see if your bath 's ready	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go in the bath	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	knock		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	that a knock a knock	no a duck	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	put some cream on	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	goes here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	going to see Grandma and Grandad	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	24	Brother	Mother	Mum can I help you please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	dah		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	we dah worm	no a tree	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	got to go and get Jwww from nursery	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	goes	no	1	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	goes in there	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na stay with Mummy	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a shower	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na put your jacket on Fraser	no I got see oh gosh	9	6	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	say poor Jwww	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go downstairs and get some cornflakes	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	wan na look at this book	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	wan na look at this	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is that all he says	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to read	no	6	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to read something for you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	ba		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	ba a sheep	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	a car coming	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to read it	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta give him a kiss	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't even see it Fraser	no see it	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I do this one	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I do this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I do your nose	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go look in Fraser 's room	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to read it to you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's on the farm there are lots of things to see and count	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah turn it round a bit	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta put these clothes on	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's put your socks on as well	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	click		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	click clack clickety clack go the castanets	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	once upon a time a hare sat looking at a tortoise	no	11	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	goes there	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	another day and look at the books	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to read one	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	count		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	the giant started counting his coins	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lie		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I lie on your bed Fraser	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	going na bed	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	found you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	found you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	look at all the bubbles	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	come on it 's bath time	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	Fraser come and look at what Jwww 's got	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	alright well let 's just put your pajamas on	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's just put this on you	no want jigsaw puzzle	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's just sort this out look	no open the door	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's go get your bot bot	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I read it to you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	say woof woof	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to say good night now Fraser	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put your pants on	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	come and tell Daddy what you did	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mind		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	mind the box	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	share		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh share Fraser	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I read the book	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	cut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	one they 're dirty and two they need cutting	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I eat your foot	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read	not	can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I not read the book to you darling	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	hey come here	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	here you are	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta sing	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	this would make a very good boat said	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	coming downstairs with Mummy	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	say byebye to Daddy Fraser	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	come over here with Mummy	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	come here Fraser	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na look at a book	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I can see all your teeth	no you	6	2	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I can see your dragon book	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	come on Fraser	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	let go	no it 's mine	2	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go to grandma 's	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I put those pieces away now please	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	put these trousers on you	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	can I do it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I cut your nails	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I do your fingernails	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go shopping	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	come on darling	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	can I get a lollipop	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	kiss		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	kiss	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I get them	no do n't do that	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	you gon ta haf ta start listening to me as well you	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I cut your toenails	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go out and play Fraser	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he wants to go to bed	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go down and see	no	6	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go shopping	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I touch your arm	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I touch your hair	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I touch your ears	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall I go and give them to Jwww then	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	come and stay here with Mummy	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put it away shall we	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	listen	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I 've I ca n't listen	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the cow wants to go on the train	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	so I 'm going to take them all out	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	but they wan na come out and play	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	so I 'm going to play with this jigsaw+puzzle	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't find the block for that one can I	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	darling		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 've already done it darling	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	look he 's putting his safety helmet on	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to play with Mummy	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I I I can hear Jwww	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta put this jigsaw+puzzle away because it 's it 's messing the room up is n't it	no	20	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	right I 'm gon ta put them away now	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't find it now	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	what are you gon ta show Jeannine now	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	draw	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't I ca n't draw on me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see that way	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I can see it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	and I ca n't touch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	look	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	go back to the shops	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hide	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hide	no you ca n't hide back there Fraser	4	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	and played	no I got to say that	2	6	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hurry		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	hurry up and eat your crisps darling	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I go downstairs	no	4	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I show Daddy	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	because I ca n't see the picture on it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	take my cards downstairs as well	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	wan na take your Bob the Builder costume off	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	take this jacket off	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I I ca n't go on the big bike	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I go in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I go in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I can wear my costume	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	kiss	not	can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I not kiss you now	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't go in	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	dive		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I can dive	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dive		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I can dive	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I eat my hair	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	go ah	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not like having a bath anymore Fraser	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't go in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta give that to me so I can turn it on for you	no	15	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	because you haf ta wait a minute	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	did Dave	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	and and I be doggy and I can go downstairs	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	blow	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I I I come and I ca n't blow the candles	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find him	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't find him	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Father	but I ca n't find mine	no	6	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I wash my hand	no I 'll get you a wipe	5	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't I ca n't see his tail	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hold	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hold it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't take it off	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	shut	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't shut it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	jump		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I can jump on this	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tidy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you not gon ta tidy your jigsaw+puzzle away	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	but I can but we got but we but I ca n't see his nose	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see planes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	ca n't do a I ca n't do paw+print	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	stand		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I stand on snow bear	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	now I ca n't see my belly	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I do again	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	where can can I put this there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's stuck in the card	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	paint		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Father	more paint on it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Father	what 's that you 're painting	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	color		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Father	I gon ta color the roof green	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I use some blue	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	finish		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Target_Child	Daddy to finish it off quick	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tidy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Father	Target_Child	tidy up time now	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	come and see who this is	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	I no I can I do it	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I put it on my head	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I see it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go down and have your tea	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go and get something to eat then	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta put them to bed now	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't see you on here	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	catch	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't catch you	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	please come see	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta go and see Daddy then	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find this house there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I can see your toesies	no you ca n't now	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I go in the house with Daddy and Jwww	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see another one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look out this window	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not gon ta touch him	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I do it in Mummy can I do it in my bedroom then	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	where 's the I ca n't see a dinosaur book	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	come and do your jigsaw Fraser	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	show Daddy	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see with it on your lap like that Fraser	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I go downstairs	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to do it all by myself	no no no no	9	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	rock	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't rock it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	talk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's what you listen to people talking with	no let me do it now Jwww	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't wan na get dressed	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta haf ta put them away because you 're not playing with them	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I can read a book	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	and where 's I ca n't see any seven	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I no I wan na put them off	no I	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I go	no I do n't wan na have some socks	3	9	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think I can make one as big as Fraser	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a story here to read	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I play these two upstairs	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sleep		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I sleep here	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lay		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy can I lay here	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I sit on here	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	but can I put my hands on	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	stand		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I stand on this white long thing	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	but can I touch my chest	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I do it up	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fix		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I can fix them	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see the barbecue he in the window	no	10	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I wan I ca n't even see the window	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make		ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I ca make some school+work with Jwww and Daddy	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	why ca n't I put my foot in there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go and put a nappie on you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	why ca n't I go on stairs	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go to bed	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na do a jigsaw+puzzle	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you not wan na go to the zoo then	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Father	Target_Child	come and talk to Daddy	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I ca n't eat plants or Jwww or you or Daddy	no you must n't eat plants	12	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I ca n't go in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do this	no do n't do that	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I go on trains	no you ca n't go on the trains but you can go and s	5	14	question	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I go downstairs now	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	over there because I want because I so I can get up	no no no you 're not getting a chair	12	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	because I ca n't get it if you 're standing on it can I	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see it	no I ca n't see it either	5	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I go in your bedroom	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I go on the trains	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I go downstairs now	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	for that because so I can get up	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't reach it	no you wo n't be able to get it now	5	10	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see him	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see him if he 's cutting his grass	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can I go in here	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	scr		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I want but I I can scr I can hold them	no not now because they 're wet	12	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sort		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I can sort some clothes out then get you boys ready for school tomorrow	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	wan na do that one	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	go on then	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	can I just put it on the big blue bit	no you put it on the floor there sweetheart	10	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm trying to help you	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	is we can start doing	no	5	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I ca n't get it out	no	7	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh stop Fraser	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I play with you	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	show me your angry face	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	come	no do n't do that because you 'll get crayon on the door	1	13	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	draw		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	now I can draw a hand here	no that 's enough drawing hands now	7	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you not like staying with Mummy	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I play it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go in that web can I	no you ca n't go in that web	9	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do this	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do this	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do the stickers	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	see you later	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	can I do um can I do this	no you do this first	8	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	come on we 'd better get you dressed and go to hospital	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na see if I can find your football kit	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	want something to eat	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do this	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	throw this away now	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I do that	no come on	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	close		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	oh can I close it	no leave it because it 's letting some fresh air in because it 's very warm is n't it	5	19	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I write	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	see you later	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	but can I talk them loud	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't read it	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wipe		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I wipe your ear	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta go and sit in the car okay	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na see the buds on Mummy 's plants	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put	n't	can	can	I	i	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't put my t+shirt on can I	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you not want anyone to come in	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I write	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't come in	no you can come in	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I see from Jwww bedroom now	no she 's up there	7	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na get down	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	see you Jwww see you Fraser	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	maybe we 'll haf ta do this	no	7	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
motor	inability	draw		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	let 's see I can draw with my feet	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	and do the yellow one there	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	you want Auntie Lwww to do it	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	no I ca n't find it	no no no do n't touch those	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	dry		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	I 'll try and dry your hair	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	put nice on	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	let 's go and have some medicine	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	stop crying	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tickle		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	tickle tickle tickle	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	put you on the toilet darling	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	there it is there it is	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	what a good girl you are	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but when you take it out you haf ta put it back in darling	no take it out	15	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see where it is because we haf ta put it in your folder	no	15	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Relative	Target_Child	let 's do some more writing	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	what 's this called	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	26	Investigator	Target_Child	I can put this in the office ca n't I	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	please can I look in the garden please	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	get a towel	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta go get here now	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	if you give me a kiss I 'll give you get your ball	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Father	can I play with it	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	touched it	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with it	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	can I do it	no not yet darling	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta come in here	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	take it out and eat it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	put the butterfly here	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I can eat you	no no no no no	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	leave the chair in there	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do this	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I go one day the ladder	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	27	Father	Target_Child	I can see you	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tickle		can	can	I	I	27	Relative	Target_Child	can I tickle you back	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	can I buy some ravioli please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you go to sleep	no	4	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it there like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	check		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy just wants to check something	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	one more spoon left	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	can I go outside	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	go and see if you can find him	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dance		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can dance like this	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	wave to Daddy	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	work		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	can we do work well yesterday	no I said	6	3	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	you go to sleep	no	4	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do it	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do a triangle	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	got his nappie on	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	and put this one on for Swww	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	look at that	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	look at the magic candle	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	Mama wants to show you something	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na show you look	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	catch	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Father	oh I ca n't catch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	find my	no	2	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't you do n't have very much concentration do you	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	I I can do the other one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	flush		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I flush the toilet	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lie		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I lie next to you	no you ca n't sit on the floor	6	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I drink it	no it 's very hot	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I read your book	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	can I play with this	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	Eleanor you can stay at home and do the cleaning	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	let she let she sit still	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	what will you what are you going to do	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	steam		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	steaming hot	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sprinkle		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	sprinkle on the sugar	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I wanted to sing some nursery rhymes	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	send		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	send Dada to	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	look stop cr	no	3	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	ask		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	so could you come ask Doctor Mwww on the phone if he could come and see him	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	well do n't do it to Mama then	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	do n't do that to me	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	he 's just not anywhere I can see	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I open the curtains or not	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	listen		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I listen	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	do n't do that	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	inability	feel		can	can	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I can feel fishfingers in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	no I can put it in	no I can put it in	6	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can can I go upstairs	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hear it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	study		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	study and play some games	no no	5	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	finish		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	when she 's finished then I can	no	7	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Father	Target_Child	come here then first	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't wan na do that	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	spoon		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I can this spoon	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	come here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I wan na play something	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	because I I can go as well	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to I 'm going to get you a bottle from the shop	no	15	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	come here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	shall we cut you up and eat you up	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can do ticks	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can do a wiggly line	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	let 's go and	no	4	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	so what we 'll do is we 'll play this when Dada wakes up and	no	15	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	tell you something in your ear	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	get cross	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Father	leave them inside and then you can check what it 's like	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	leave it to me	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	can I come next to you	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can see it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can find a new one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't I ca n't do	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	no there 's	no	3	1	self	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't make you omelette sandwich	no I want omelette	7	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na show you something as well	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come and have a look	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it to you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drop		can	can	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can I can I drop Hannah	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I see it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	okay let 's do the jigsaw now	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm just gon ta go do a wee wee okay	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think a hexagon 's got ten	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to eat you up	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	teach		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta teach your pu	no	7	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	Hannah 's going to sleep	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no no	5	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	put this you can use this as blank	no that 's Hannah 's	8	5	trail	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	and then I can do it without moving okay	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I use this	no it 's too small	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I wash them	no you just sit there	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I eat them	no no	4	2	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	there look	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Ellen 's going to get your nuggets	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Eleanor monkey wants to go	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	take it down to the zoo	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	pick it up now	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	um I can see	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	I can I can read	no no darling	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	finish		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	and finish your coffee	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	taking my Mum dinner	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hear it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to haf ta put it on again	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	Mama has ta do some tidying up	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to go and get the window+cleaner and clean the windows	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	you can have I can take one of the	no	9	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	say the bells of St	no	5	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	watch you do n't fall	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it on now	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can make it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see chocolate on the tree outside	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm listening but I ca n't hear anything	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to bring the train over here so I can look at it	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I can see a red bus	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na see if I can find this Jaffa Cake	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	got to do it all on her own	no no no no	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	keep the lid on it	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see one outside Thomas	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see your train Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	dust		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	we 've just taken it down from the bureau so I can dust	no do n't press any buttons	13	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	when Nana comes tomorrow you can say hello Nana I can say a b c	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	but I ca n't see anything	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I can talk to you on the	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't say crisps properly now because I 've been saying crispspspsp with you	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	well I ca n't see them for the bubbles	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	because if I put those in this afternoon I can wear sunglasses	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	yes I can see Sue 's door but she 's not there is she	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	peer		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	well I think if you open the red doors and peer inside you will see somebody there	no there	17	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	carry		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	but I can carry on blowing them and you can watch	no watch windy	11	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tell	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't tell what you 're saying	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	sit up and then I can get past you	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see a big truck	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	tell	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't tell what you 're saying	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	hang		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	hang them at the top like that	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	but I ca n't see one Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	no I ca n't see an orange digger	no	8	1	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Mother	just to look at the bin bag lorry is it	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I ca n't open the front door Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	enjoy	n't	can	can	I	i	29	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't enjoy myself can I	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	talk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well Daddy will come and talk to you	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see Thomas	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I take your shorts off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I can hear a train	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	yes we did	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tell	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't tell what you 're saying	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	talk	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I ca n't talk	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't see Purdie anymore	no see it	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you finished eating	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you singing the Bob The Builder song are you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	well I can see the squirrel	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I ca n't open it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	but I picked it up and put it on the banana box	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see her either	no see a car going past	6	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	look	no Jess no	1	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's go through those letters and see if there 's any for the digger man	no no	17	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch	not	can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I not touch it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	tell	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't tell what you 're saying	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	eat it properly please	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't talk to you if you 've gone and locked yourself in the cupboard Thomas	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I can see you	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it in the pot with the apples and grapes	no no no	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	because if I ca n't find them now you 'll be upset wo n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't hear a noise now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	I ca n't open it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	wash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm just going to wash them	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	lie the other way so I can see your face	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give	not	can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	ah can I not give Bob the Builder a cuddle	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go	not	can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I not go home	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	kiss		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I kiss them	no ah no not cut another	4	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find Cranky	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	and I ca n't see	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hear her	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get it open	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see anything diamond shaped	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see anybody	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	imagine	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't imagine Purdie would like to eat a Crunchie	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see car	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see under there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I talk to you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I ca n't get it back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I can never do these	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see it darling	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh well can I show it to Dimitra before we carry on being a crocodile	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I need a do it	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I can say I have Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	nor drive her away	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see anything red	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see anything red	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I can see your bicycle Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see a crocodile	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see I ca n't see a sweetie	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see a crocodile	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	I can see your hand	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Mother	Thomas do n't start throwing toys	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see the train actually	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can I take some money	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can I buy my um niece 's um it 's her birthday today	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see a post lorry	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it like that	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	brush		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	brush brush brush your hair	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	smack		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	smack and	no no no	2	3	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see him	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Investigator	Mother	I ca n't see a snake Jean	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see apple here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you not like me doing another job as well	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like me doing something else do you	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na use your potty Thomas	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't see a pocket	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	because I ca n't see what we 're doing	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I can read I can read it on my own	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	can I just show you which is nine nine nine on this telephone	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tidy	not	can	can	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	can I not tidy for your Mum	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I 've just looked in that one because that 's where it should be but I ca n't find it	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	can I buy some orange juice please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	uh not that I can see	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see anymore in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	believe	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't believe that there 's such a large railway track and no houses	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	oh I ca n't find any stamps Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	lift	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't lift it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't take it home	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Mother	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not going to use this Tom	no no	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	clean		can	can	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	can I clean your face	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it on my own	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I take I can take it	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	and I can just put on one stalk then can sweep it	no no	12	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wear	n't	ca	can	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	oh I ca n't wear posh wedding shoes	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	we 've got vinegar and oil salad dressings look	no no	9	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		ca	can	I	I	39	Investigator	Mother	I ca n't even see Thomas anymore	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	the back then I can hear it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fall		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy I can fall in the water	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	scratch		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	then I can scratch my back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play	n't	ca	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Mother	I ca n't play jumping	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy you can Mummy you can look after my toys and I can go to sleep	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	come and sit round here please so I can see you	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	jump		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	jump	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Target_Child	um I ca n't do because I can	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Mother	oh see	no	2	1	self	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	well at the moment I can see what 's in the box because you have n't managed to close the lid have you	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	can I sit	no you sit in this chair	3	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	and and see I can see a fire engine	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Investigator	Target_Child	let me go and get in it then	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	reverse		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	is he going to reverse that way	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Investigator	Target_Child	because that was your friend and I 'm actually a policeman and I 've come to put you back in jail	no	21	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	Buzz Lightyear now can I watch	no we 're not watching television now	6	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach	n't	ca	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	I got I ca n't reach a police helmet	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	oh I can find another blue	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't hear what you 're saying when you 're in there	no no no no	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	switch		can	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	can I switch them off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't hear you whistling no	no just a wee wee whistle	7	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	no I think it 's time to get	no it is n't	8	4	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pinch		can	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I can pinch it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	live		can	can	I	I	43	Mother	Target_Child	can I live in the hotel or would it be more sensible for me have a flat in a block of flats	no	22	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink	n't	ca	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't drink all that could I	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I can hear	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	there I can put it on my head	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	you know when I look Daddy you know what I can see	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Investigator	Target_Child	look	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I can open this	no do rip it because	4	5	declarative	self	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see the apples	no well the apples wo n't grow yet	6	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	dig		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	can I dig something up	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	poo		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	can I poo in a poo poo	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dig		ca	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	why ca n't I dig them	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	well can I just show you this train	no it does n't matter	8	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	can I eat them	no no no	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	can I go over there	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bake		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	baked beans	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	or can I show here because look she might be spoken about	no no I do n't wan na	12	7	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	49	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see it Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	drive	not	can	can	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	can I not drive a bus on the railway track	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	smell		can	can	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	yeah ooh um yeah well I can smell those	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	carry	n't	ca	can	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't carry nine letters on my	no	8	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	know why I can come in wet concrete	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	well can I not just use my fingers	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	smash		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	can I smash it down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	I can put a piece of ham in if you want cheese and ham	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit	n't	can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't sit like this can I	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	push		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	and can I push it along	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	I 'd like some bread so I can make my own sandwiches please	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I can really hear some jazzy music	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy can I put my pants on	no they 're not pants it 's a skirt	7	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drive		can	can	I	I	53	Investigator	Target_Child	but then tomorrow can can I drive	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	snip		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I snip any flowers apart	no now	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	walk		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	and can I walk	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I can just put a in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I open me eyes	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	listen		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I listen	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to put milk on those and finish them off	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	Mum can I show you something Mum	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	I want I want jus can I take this	no	9	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	and then I can do	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I think I can hear the ice cream man	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	unwrap		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Father	can I unwrap this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	record		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	can I record me now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Target_Child	Mother	even in a man where lots of men are	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	niddle		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	nin aches because you 're sick of niddling	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	come and put your pants on please darling	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		be	be	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas is going to be wearing a very smart outfit at Hogmanay	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		ca	can	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	oh ca n't I sit with my best friend	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	look at this Mister Fixit	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Investigator	Target_Child	do you want me to do the crying face too	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	take that	no	2	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh can I play with this box	no be no because that box	7	6	question	self	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	look at this steady Eddie	no do n't cut	5	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't cut a bottle	no do n't you 're going to cut your fingers	6	10	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	inability	walk		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	I can walk there and ring it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	58	Target_Child	Mother	can I talk like errow	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	58	Mother	Mother	I ca n't hear you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's brush your hair	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Mother	oh twelve times that 's so I can come and see Monsters Inc twelve times	no	15	1	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	because I can write my name	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	can I get scissors	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tuck		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	can I tuck your shirt in	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bang	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't bang	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Brian	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	he likes to eat your nose	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Marie	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Mother	do you wan na go swimming when we get home	no you do too	10	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Alice	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Mother	would you like to play rosie with the with Humpty	no no no do n't touch please	10	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Anne	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Investigator	Mother	she obviously does n't like help getting in and out of	no	11	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Mother	she did n't do much with the blocks but she was interested in reading them	no and we have some beautiful wooden blocks too that she just got and she she the only thing she 'll make with them is she 'll lay them flat on the floor and make a house to sit on not stack	15	42	trail	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	ask		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Investigator	Mother	I was going to ask if she can take her clothes on and off and I guess I do n't haf ta	no she can	22	3	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	happen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	probably she does n't expect it to happen so and because I do n't let her talk on the phone that often it 's not anything she 's really accustomed to	no but she sees Maura 's hair in the morning and she sees me do my own oh	31	18	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	but she does pull the books out of the bookcase and reads them to herself	no she looks at the she likes reading the telephone book	15	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Mother	can I eat your ring	no	5	1	question	question	Bernstein Dale	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	16	Mother	Mother	can I put that back	no when can I put it back	5	7	question	question	Higginson June	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Mother	let 's put the nose in	no okay	6	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Higginson June	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	can you dancer and sing to bunny	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Higginson June	positive	discourse
motor	inability	color		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I color on this side instead	no you color on that side	7	6	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I can put it in the	no I 'll hold this tape	6	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I look at your tummy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	36	Adult	Target_Child	yes or can I play with the tractor	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fall		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Adult	Target_Child	he keeps falling off does n't he	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	let go my man	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	36	Adult	Target_Child	can I hold this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	36	Adult	Target_Child	can I play with your lawnmower	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	wipe		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I uh can I wipe your nose	no	8	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	swipe		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I uh swipe your nose	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	plunk		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I plunk your nose	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tweak		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I tweak your nose	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	kiss		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I kiss your nose	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bring		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	bring your nose over here for a hug	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	thank you	no we 're not done honey	2	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	put it back	no all of it	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta make a cake	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	sing me Take me out to the baseball game	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	you 're gon ta wash your cookies	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	you wan na go to um the beach	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't open nose	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	crack		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	okay crack the egg	no I 'm gon ta bake it	4	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	schoop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	schoop it on here	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fly		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you like to fly on airplanes	no I 'm zooming them away they go	7	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Father	Target_Child	I ca n't find your fireman	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put a red one right there	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	take him for a ride David	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	rip		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I rip this off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	rip		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I rip this off	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	move		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I move the juice now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I put some water	no no no no	5	4	trail	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I put some water on the back of your head	no no	11	2	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I give you your last spoonful of yogurt	no	9	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Father	Mother	hold it up so I can see	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I cut out a lion	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get it off	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see a butterfly outside	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	stir		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I stir it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bang		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	and I can bang heads	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I do anything right	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't make a house	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	well go and bring it so I can put it through the till	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	and put them	no	3	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I still ca n't get off	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	look	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't look through it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	mend		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I can mend that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	can I see it here	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see Jones	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Mother	can I do it again	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	can I see the drill	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	you can eat it but I 'm not	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm afraid I ca n't get into that very much	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can I can talk to postman	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I play with the toys now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 've gotta do your arm	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I can see the purple one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I can hear it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	rip		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I rip it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I get on	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	if I ca n't say byebye	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see that fly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't find find two	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get it out	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can put it in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I ca n't get the door off	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	cog	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't cog	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	what can I play with	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	this I can eat	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't put anything	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I can see it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I cut that off please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I can put on	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I think I can play	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I help	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I take it off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	shoot		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I shoot all the eggs again	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dig		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think I can dig a hole under the walls	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I come and help you get a drink	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I can see her from here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I can see your feet	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	so I can do some writing	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	can I see her	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	is that Gail I can see hiding up your jumper	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I ca n't hold them all	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	let 's see if I can get orange to here	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go to little ones	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't make	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit it onto the hole	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
motor	inability	smell		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I can smell poo	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	one minute then I can play	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't buy something	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can do	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I go upstairs	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I eat one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I put it on your nose	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	I ca n't get it now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
motor	inability	juggle		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I can juggle with these	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit it in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I get out	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I get out	no	4	1	question	question	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I put some more	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go out	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I get out	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	let me see if I can make her stand up	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't go now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I can only do one at a time	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I do this one instead	no no no no no	6	5	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I see this book	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get in the doctors	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I look after it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pull		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I can pull it off	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pull		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I can pull it off	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I sit here	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		ca	can	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	well I ca n't really read it to you	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	I ca n't read it for you Ruth	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I turn round this way	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you tell tell that monkey not to be so naughty	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I ca n't find any	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
motor	inability	build		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	now this one says I can build	no	7	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sleep	not	can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well can I not sleep on you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I can see you	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	I can see some pennys under here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mhm		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	mhm you like your cars do n't you Carl	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I try some of Carl 's please	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	can I get down	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bite	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't bite	no it 's not real	4	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I put that on there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go in the water step	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I can see a truck behind here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I can see	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	Mummy 's eyes are watering and I ca n't see	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I can see you	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't take that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't go there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	now I can make another one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get a apple	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I put the animals in	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		ca	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh ca n't I eat it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I eat it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I go to bed	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I can only see one giraffe	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I just put your bib back on	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
motor	inability	empty		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well do you wan na have a wee on the pottie while I 'm going upstairs and then I can empty it	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I get her get her out again	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it back together now	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it back together now	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I put one on your head	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	23	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't think I can do it either but	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I put a brick	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I put the horse on then	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	why ca n't I put the hippo on the train	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I put the horse on the train	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I put this on your train then	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I take the cars off the track	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I take this one off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with big Edward then	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with the car	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sing		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I sing	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I take this off the track	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with your foot	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	I can play with it if I want	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with leg	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	can I give it to Nina	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I give it to your sister then	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I put something else on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	move		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	so can I move this then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	can I give it to sister	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it then	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	knock		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I knock over this then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	come to Mummy	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	because I ca n't do it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I help	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see next biggest one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
motor	inability	pinch		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I pinch that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I take it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	does that mean I can cut your nails then	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wrap		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	just go over there and let me get this straight then I can wrap you up	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bite		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I bite your tummy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	if you make yourself really small I can get the lid on	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dress		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I can I dress this dolly because I think she 's very cold	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sure you can get smaller than that then I can get the lid on	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cope		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	if I know what I 've been smacked for I can I can cope with it	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I do some coloring with you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I do Humpty Dumpty please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I get the plates and the knives and forks ready for the dolly 's dinners	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I ca n't make head nor tail of that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	get it in	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't open it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't hear you Nicole	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I make something	no	4	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I just make a face for you with this	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cuddle		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I cuddle Peter Rabbit then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cuddle		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I cuddle you then	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	what can I see on this page	no want that	7	3	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't help	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	so I can go and play badminton ca n't I	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lay		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I lay this side	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I come and sleep under your cover	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I drink my cup of tea first	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I can see another one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get these out	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't find them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	Anne says can I play with you two	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I can I get this teddy to share then	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I go now	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I go on the bunk+beds	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wake		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I wake up yet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wake		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I wake up yet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	I can see	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I eat that egg	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I use this table	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I get down Mummy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I drink out the bottle or are you going to give me a cup to put it in	no	19	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I get down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
motor	inability	color	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not a doggie so I ca n't color your nose in	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	ask		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na ask you something	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	can I take your nose	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sweep		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	okay can I sweep with your broom	no my broom	7	3	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let me show you	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	talk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Sibling	Target_Child	you stop talking	no no a balloon	3	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		ca	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	ca n't I go to sleep	no you can sleep out here	6	6	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't play with your toys	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	fill		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	fill it up	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hit	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do n't hit me with that	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I I ca n't see it though	no well it 's kind of pretend	7	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see it very much	no it 's very small	7	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	we 're gon ta we 're gon ta leave it upstairs for now	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Adult	Target_Child	can I see your book J	no it 's mine	6	4	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	wan na put the toys in the bag	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ride		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I ride on a dog	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I can put those in my toy box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I see can I see Michael and Child	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go to your bed+room	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't talk to you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it in my pocket	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	is that a lot like this lion	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I 've some can you have some more water	no I do n't want any more water	10	8	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	when can I take this in the bath+tub	no that 's Observer 's	8	5	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I take them out	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I touch this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I touch this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see any cats today	no I did n't see any cats	7	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	lick		do	do	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	do n't really lick it	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Adult	Target_Child	do you remember what they 're called	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Adult	Target_Child	time to leave	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	cheese can I eat it	no it 's pretend cheese	5	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	steal		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I steal your food	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see a bell no	no you ca n't see	7	5	declarative	trail	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	how about well I can help you if you need some help	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	climb	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	then I ca n't climb in my bed	no you do n't want it like that	8	8	declarative	question	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wipe		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	can I wipe your nose	no no no	5	3	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		can	can	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	you can come here next week and can go to play group	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	I ca n't get it to come up	no I do n't think so	8	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	look I can	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it with you	no you can do those	6	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	look	no give it me	1	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	move the pussy cat	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	tell me it then	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bring		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I think I can bring it home	no these toys belong to the university so we haf ta	7	11	declarative	trail	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Kirsty	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	come back	no take it out of your mouth	2	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	go get another big one	no let me have kitty 's toy	5	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	spit	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	15	Mother	Mother	oh do n't spit it out	no no no do n't spit it out	6	8	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Dillon	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	swallow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	15	Mother	Mother	swallow	no do n't spit out	1	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Dillon	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	look	no do n't bite me	1	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	come on	no no do n't go over there	2	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	chew		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	I do n't think chewing on a rock is so good for your teeth sweet	no do n't chew on the rock	15	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	eat your cheese	no do n't spit it out	3	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	do n't throw	no no do n't throw	3	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	eat some food	no no no do n't do it	3	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	no no no do n't do it	no no no do n't do it	7	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	no no no do n't do it	no no no do n't do it	7	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	12	Mother	Mother	baby can I play with your Elmo	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	ah no no no do n't do it	no no no do n't do it	8	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	do n't do it no no no do n't do it	no no no do n't do it	11	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Alexander	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	thank you	no do n't turn it on again	2	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Jacob_Abernathy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	yeah is that the dog	no do n't hit Mommy	5	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Brent Jacob_Abernathy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	clean		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	want me clean it up	no let 's not put it over the side	5	9	question	imperative_emphatic	Brent Timothy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	15	Mother	Mother	thank you	no put it up on the shelf	2	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Timothy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	feel		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	15	Mother	Mother	feels good on Mommies back	no do it on the floor please	5	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Timothy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	wan na go upstairs	no do n't give that to Dakota	4	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Brent Tabitha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	come here crazy baby	no leave it in the box	4	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Henry	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	thank you	no do n't get on the table	2	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Henry	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fuss	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	do n't fuss	no do n't fuss	3	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brent Xavier	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	slip		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	Maggie you 're about to slip off sweetie+pie	no do n't slip off little one	8	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brent Maggie	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Father	how can I go to my little house	no John will not go to your little house	8	9	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	give me a kiss	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	check		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	the book is sleeping can I check him out	no he 's sleeping	9	4	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bother		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh now he 's sleeping you do n't wan na bother him	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	then he gets to wake up can I look at him	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I read it today	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	build		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh can I build the tower again	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I get up now	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta get the medicine	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	send		can	can	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	but what if I get another one and you can have one and then I can also send one to grandma	no	21	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	steal		ca	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	oh oh ca n't I just steal it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	is there something stuck in there here let me see if I can get it out	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	46	Investigator	Target_Child	can I open them	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	so the speech and language teacher what did they give you a book to read about	no	16	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	I just wanted to tell you though tell me what you think about this I really wan na go to Splash Lagoon so I 'm thinking maybe you guys should n't go because I ca n't go with	no we 're gon ta go	38	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	me too let 's do it again	no it 's too loud this is super duper duper loud	7	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not called Chutes and Ladders it 's called Hoops and Ladders	no it 's not called Hoops and Ladder you silly guy	13	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	uh hm so he 's first gon ta sleep at your house and then the next night you 're gon ta sleep at his house and then the next night both of you are going to sleep in North Dakota	no	40	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	buy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but this is fine because I think I only wan na buy one anyway	no you can buy all I want you to buy all	15	11	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	but can I keep the money	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ride		can	can	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	can I ride you dinosaur	no I do n't have a back he has a back	5	11	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	go get your own water bottle please	no I go get one	7	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	swim		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	did you go back to swimming after	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want it to touch the ceiling it 's sharp and prickly up there	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	swim		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you did n't wan na swim	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	can I do it to you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	all right I haf ta take it away you 're not listening to me	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	let go	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Investigator	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	can the horse go use the bathroom	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	okay the horse went to use the bathroom	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you 're gon ta eat lunch	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ask		can	can	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	can I ask you a question	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	come here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	okay you done playing	no I ca n't do this one	4	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	stay here	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta haf ta give you a shot	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	wan na do that	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	37	Father	Target_Child	can I buy food at the store	no no no	7	3	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	help them go	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	39	Investigator	Target_Child	can I put it in this one	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	are these can I take these home now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	40	Father	Target_Child	oh can I drink his milk	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Father	Target_Child	there you go he 's got duck feet	no he does n't have duck feet	8	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	erase		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Father	Target_Child	do you want me to erase the spider	no do n't erase the spider	8	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	erase	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Target_Child	no do n't erase the spider	no no	6	2	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Father	Target_Child	do it later	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	erase		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Father	Target_Child	you know a lot about the ocean Roman ready to erase	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	how about up here get up there	no no	7	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah is that who you were	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	come here Roman	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	just stay over here okay	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	hey can you not use the pointer and tell us where something is	no I want the pointer	13	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na do a memory game	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Target_Child	no we wan na leave her out okay	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	50	Sister	Target_Child	well I can get you some more questions	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	you haf ta hear it later okay	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	I want you to listen okay	no I do n't wan na to listen	6	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	can I make up a name	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Investigator	Target_Child	or do you want me to tell you	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	guess		can	can	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	can I guess	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lose		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	yeah you know what your gon ta lose a sticker	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	can can I watch a movie	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	color		can	can	I	I	51	Father	Target_Child	can I color something on your side	no I give you	7	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	50	Father	Target_Child	yeah but so so are you spos ta follow this or can I just go like from here and go start here and finish at the end	no no no that 's mine	27	6	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	learn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't wan na learn about the colors any more come here	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	cry		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	shh Roman you do n't need ta cry I was making it even scarier	no do n't make it even scarier	14	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Investigator	Target_Child	why do n't you start all over and tell us your story again then we wo n't mess it up	no no no no	20	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ask		can	can	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	hey Roman can I ask you a question	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	getcha		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Father	Target_Child	it 's coming to getcha	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I ca n't find and Barney videos should I get a Raffi video instead	no	14	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	can I sit here	no there 's a horse	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	see	no do n't go on my horse I 'm too tired	1	11	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	can I come	no	3	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I go on your lap	no I 'm going to sit down right now	6	9	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ride		can	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	well I can I ride in your Clifford car Bert	no it 's Emma 's	10	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Mother	do you need ta go to the dentist now too	no no	10	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	can I sit on the car	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	let		can	can	I	I	44	Father	Target_Child	maybe I can let 's see	no but you haf ta put your leg up	6	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	45	Father	Target_Child	hey can I buy this baby here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	run		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Father	and he got ran over the by the tractor	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Father	Target_Child	better let you out okay	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	start		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Investigator	Target_Child	starting to get crowded	no give me that	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	save		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Investigator	Target_Child	save him	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Investigator	Target_Child	let me see	no she 's not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Father	Target_Child	turkey dogs spinach munchies come and get them	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Father	Target_Child	why do n't we just let her play with something over here	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	or we will haf ta eat you up	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matty	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feel		can	can	I	I	25	Investigator	Target_Child	oh I can feel it but I ca n't see it	no	11	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	they do n't belong do they	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't see him when he 's in there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	oh can I see them	no they 're very dirty I wan na put them in the wash when we get home	5	17	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	get out of this room	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	inability	believe	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't believe these monsters wo n't leave	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	can I go to school too	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	break		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	and the picture of the birdie has her wing broken	no I think her wing looks great	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	talk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	Jillian you always make Aladar talk	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	sure you do	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I get ready for next thumb when it gets cut	no she is n't reading	11	5	declarative	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can drink it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Father	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	I ca n't hear you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
motor	inability	rock		can	can	I	I	21	Target_Child	Mother	can I rock	no you stay there Laura	3	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink	n't	ca	can	I	I	22	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't drink water	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Father	but I can take as much as Daddy	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I can just keep it in her bowl	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I put orange+juice in in here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	believe	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Father	Father	I ca n't believe that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	if you ca n't find a way to play that is n't rude or destructive then you wo n't play together today	no	22	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sleep		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I sleep in that big t table	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	break		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	Laura I 'm gon ta break off a bite of your waffle	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Father	Target_Child	then I haf ta take a piece of your egg	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pretend		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	no just pretend	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lose		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Sister	Target_Child	you 're gon ta lose it for tomorrow too	no I wan na	9	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		can	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	can I just I just watch is on and if it 's something good I 'll watch it	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say		can	can	I	I	51	Sister	Father	if she wants I can say if she if if she has ta	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	can I take your nose off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it all my myself	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	can I touch them	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	can I put giraffe on my record player	no it 'll break it	8	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	24	Target_Child	Father	can I come with you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	can I touch that under here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't say something	no not avocado bean sprouts	5	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
motor	inability	pull		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I pull white cat 's tail	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feed		ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't even feed her in my tummy anymore because she 's too big	no he 's a boy	15	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Adult	Target_Child	put a tractor in the living room	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Andrew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	44	Adult	Target_Child	okay well I guess then I can just put this chair	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Ben	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Adult	Target_Child	there 's nothing on the plate to eat	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bathe		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Adult	Target_Child	they can sit in the bath+tub to bathe	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Adult	Target_Child	let us try it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Target_Child	she ca n't because she wants to take a nap	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	can I come too	no no frogs can come	4	5	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	42	Adult	Target_Child	oh he 's bad can I get my hand out	no	10	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	47	Adult	Target_Child	can I try them and see	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	sing	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't sing with you	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	read	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't read it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	honey		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not asking if you wan na honey	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	no I ca n't do it	no you haf ta bring it over here so you can see	6	12	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	dance		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you like to dance	no ah you you	5	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	dance		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	but Firstname do you like to dance	no ah you you	7	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	you would like to drive a car	no I put the button	7	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Father	can I come too	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	oh can I do that	no you ca n't swing from that	5	7	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't do much of that at our house either do we	no let me turn the page	13	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sew		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	can he learn to sew	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bake		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	do babies help bake cookies	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	brown		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	could Charlie brown deliver newspapers	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	do boys	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	stop it	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Robert	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	well can I help you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Morisset Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a drink Chrystal	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Shell	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I see it	no you ca n't see the baby	4	7	question	declarative	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	stop	no no no	1	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Liz	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		be	be	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	do n't be throwing it	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Tonisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	well you haf ta eat that one	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Kevin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let the other lay there	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Kevin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	here lay it right here	no I wan na put it back in there	5	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Kevin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	stop it stop	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Kevin	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	can I eat	no not yet	3	3	question	declarative	Morisset Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Veronica	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	let me see what 's inside	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Veronica	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	goodbye		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	goodbye	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	okay why do n't you practice doing somersaults	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't sit in your chair	no	7	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I take them home	no	5	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	okay you do n't want ta look at the books	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	get me toys now	no I	4	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get this off	no we do n't need ta take the lid off	6	10	declarative	declarative	Morisset Jenny	negative	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I write	no you just eat your cracker for now okay	3	9	question	question	Morisset Jenny	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	those are called graham+crackers	no that cookie	4	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Jake	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	then let 's just put it all away	no no	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Renee	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	okay we 'll tell the lady to come in	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Renee	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	clean		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	clean up your own mess	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fix		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	want me to fix it so it can fit	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Brian	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	Sherry let me do it	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Morisset John	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can do this	no	4	1	trail	declarative	Morisset Morgan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	kiss		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I kiss your belly button	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	here can I have your foot so I can put your other slipper on	no	14	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't take that off	no we ca n't take that off	6	7	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
motor	inability	brush		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I brush your hair with this brush	no that 's not a brush	8	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I hold the mouse	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pat		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I pat the mouse	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	brush		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I brush your hair	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	now can I eat the corn with a fork and spoon	no	11	1	trail	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see from over here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	can I see your princess please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	push		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	you turn it on by pushing that button over	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Lindsey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	uh you want mama to turn that on again	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Lindsey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	no you do n't know what that is	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
motor	inability	blow		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	here can I blow your nose	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to see how high I can build something up	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
motor	inability	call		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	ah can I call you on this phone	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tardif Lynette	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	find another blue one and we 'll make a road	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Lynette	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Target_Child	your mommy wants to see some of these that move but you can stay over here	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Nicolas	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Mother	can I turn this one on	no	6	1	question	question	Tardif Molly	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	how does that one work	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	you want me to stop it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	hey look at this	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pull		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	pull up	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Target_Child	Target_Child	go	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	look I 'm driving	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Malik	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	walk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Target_Child	Target_Child	walk	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Melissa	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	can I turn this one off then	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tardif Lincoln	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	let go	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	say hi to Nana	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	huh can I talk to Daddy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tardif Tyler	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Investigator	Target_Child	see any lumps or anything in there	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bliss Denise	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	cut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Investigator	Target_Child	cut up pieces of string to cook	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bliss Denise	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	can I do that	no that 's	4	3	question	trail	Bliss Justin	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	throw it in	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	kick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	kick the ball	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't see see a other bed	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	let me write your name	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Rory	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	look at	no	2	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Rory	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	look at them	no but do n't do n't touch	3	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Jamie	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	wan na play peekaboo	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Benjamin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to see what the book is	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Benjamin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll hold it and you can you keep turning	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	you got to turn it a little bit more	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na make the turkey	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Laura	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	wan na do some drawing	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Bryce	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	do peekaboo	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Krystal	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	oh do n't touch that	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Krystal	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	come over here honey	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Krystal	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	you think the duck wants to eat the crayon	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Jenessa	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Investigator	Mother	oh thank you	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Meghan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tickle		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I tickle you in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Erica	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	wan na play with the ball	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Elana	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	eat my mother	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Sara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	do n't touch	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Liam	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	throw mama the ball	no you got it in there	4	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	see if there are any good words in it	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	look what I drew	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Margaret	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I play with this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Margaret	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	throw the ball	no no no danger	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	throw		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	can I throw this to you	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta sit on this	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	please leave those alone	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Christina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	get the ball	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Christina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the animals are going to eat you all up	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Elena	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	look	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	look at the kitty meow	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this home	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	let me see	no no	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	what else are you gon ta do with them	no I 'm put these away	9	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	wan na play peekaboo	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Alexandra	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	touch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Investigator	Mother	so I 'll put this out so you can keep him from touching it	no no Zack	14	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Zachary	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	you go get the ball	no do n't touch those	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Zachary	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	open		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	open it up	no it 's not not for chewing on	3	8	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	he 's gon ta eat the parrot	no he 's not	7	4	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	draw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	you 're spos ta draw with it	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no no	2	2	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	go ahead	no no no	2	3	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put a few of those on the table	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	play catch with Mommy	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't play with the puppets	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Matthew	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	draw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	are you going to draw with it	no you do n't do that	7	6	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Eleanora	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	let 's get the other box out shall we	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Eleanora	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	draw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	13	Mother	Mother	are you gon ta draw with it	no you ca n't eat it	7	6	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Eleanora	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Investigator	Mother	no I do n't want you to move it away	no no no	10	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Eleanora	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Target_Child	play ball	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	do n't eat the crayon	no no no	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Anne	negative	discourse
motor	inability	brush		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	can I brush your cheek	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Rachel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	hi Booboo can I make you hide	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Rachel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Target_Child	look at the baby kangaroo	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	look at me	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	break		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	you are not spos ta break the crayons	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	break	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	do n't break it	no no	4	2	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	because we haf ta do this before we can go	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	yeah we haf ta wait	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	want me to get the book and read you the book again	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	we haf ta wait for the girl to come back and get us	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	look at the book	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Max	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I give you the flannel	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I can get one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I can see Postman Pat as well	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Mother	do n't put it	no	4	1	self	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Grandmother	Target_Child	can I do these parcels	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I play these	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I do yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I go in the kitchen	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I see what I can do to this	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can can I go in the kitchen	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I turn the light on if you 're gon ta play with those	no	14	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	can I open it now or at Christmas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I open this then	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	how can I get your breakfast if I 'm carrying you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pretend		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I pretend to run	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	blow		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I blow	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	can I go to bed	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I write on it	no you ca n't write on it	5	7	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I can hear Amy	no it 's this pocket	4	5	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I put it beside there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I do it this way	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I write on this	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I cut your pen	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I take take this off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	can I um eat your chocolate then	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	brush		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I brush it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	can I get down	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	where can I I write	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	put it back	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	but I ca n't I do n't think I can take you and Amy with your pram	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I put my shoes on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Grandmother	Target_Child	I 'm just going to put this in the kitchen	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see the book	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I read it to you	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll put yours next to mine because then I can reach it	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to go and sit with Amy	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	because we 've got to go and get daddy in a bit	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	check		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm just gon ta check whether Amy 's dinner 's ready	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I do some stamping	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall I go and see about your dinner Amy R	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	I want put my tape on	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	can I eat you instead	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I do him orange	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it back	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I go and get the washing in	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	answer		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I answer it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	check		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I just check on Amy quickly	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	borrow		can	can	I	I	34	Grandfather	Mother	can I borrow yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I can sit over here	no	5	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	go on then	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I go in the dining room	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I see	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I see her scratch	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	blow		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	can I blow it down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	34	Grandmother	Target_Child	I can see two babies round there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't do them without hurting you because they 're too short	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can mum can I touch your book	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I go here	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I can use it as a drum	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hear it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it up	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I sit on here	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I play with this paper	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	brush		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I brush it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I I I can get them	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hear the telly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	and can I make a tower for Amy to knock over	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pour		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I pour it in	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get it down there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	reach	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't reach the fridge	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	er can I take all those things to Emily 's house	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I play with sand	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feed		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I feed her	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it that way	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	write		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I can write properly	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I turn over now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cut		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I cut it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stick		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I stick this on there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I can see him	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to get her toes	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feel		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I feel	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I see what 's in here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	she 's coming to play Lara	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	play with me as well	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	see	no	1	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	can I go and give Amy these	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I play with it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pour		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I pour them out	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I touch it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	thank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	thank you	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta get her	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I take her head off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feed		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I feed her	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Father	time to bash dad	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fit	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't fit it in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't get past	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	can I get yours from upstairs	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	color		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I color	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	so I can sit on the chair and see what you 're doing	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I see what 's in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	scrape		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I scrape	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I come back now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I see in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I get that out	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I play with it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I go on now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I go	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	23	Father	Target_Child	saying can I get any food	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	can I sit here	no	4	1	question	question	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	25	Father	Target_Child	can I put them in the back seat here	no	9	1	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	get	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Target_Child	no watch him does n't get these animals	no do n't let him get these animals	8	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Investigator	Target_Child	make it curl	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	yep can I put my apron	no you do n't need your apron on	6	8	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	would you like mummie and daddy to take you to a farm	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Investigator	Target_Child	Cathy is not very good at keeping them on sure she 's not	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		ca	can	I	I	26	Investigator	Mother	I ca n't ever see him getting into a temper	no he does n't have a	10	6	declarative	self	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Mother	can I put this on this	no no	6	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Investigator	Child	give me all your money	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Child	now let 's get the choo choo in	no not yet	8	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Child	right do you need your belly done again	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Child	because I do	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Child	Child	I 'm going to get another page	no that 's my page	7	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Child	Child	put that one in	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Investigator	Target_Child	a wee present you 're going to get some lunch	no I want a wee present now	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	take it up carry it carry it	no it 'll fall	7	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	46	Father	Father	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to put your noddies on	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are you away to Stewart 's now to get your groceries	no I 'm not well	11	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	run		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to run me over in that car	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	tell Cathy all about the ragdolls	no no I want it on	6	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Investigator	Mother	well I 've forty people coming next Thursday night	no	9	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	yes we are going to turn it off	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bring		can	can	I	I	48	Playmate	Mother	can I bring Paddy in here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy can I go with them	no your Daddy 's gon ta be	6	7	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stretch		can	can	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	look I can stretch my feet	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	48	Playmate	Target_Child	can I eat your egg	no that 's mine	5	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	50	Investigator	Target_Child	well I can see them	no it 's just hair	5	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	glasses right put your glasses on	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	ach go on	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	put them on	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	wait until you see	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	wait until you see	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	inability	carry		can	can	I	I	39	Visitor	Mother	I can carry her	no do n't carry her	4	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tidy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Investigator	Mother	have you been cleaning and tidying up all morning	no I have not	9	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	want to put one put one in there too	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Steve	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	can you put that over here so I can see it	no this one	11	3	question	declarative	Bates Steve	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	git		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	almost git it	no come on	3	3	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Sue	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Target_Child	Mother	do it	no you do it	2	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Sue	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Mother	put them back in	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Will	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	look	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Will	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	let 's take your picture	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Will	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to eat it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	gon ta have a bite	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go eat	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	let me see	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	going ta wake up in the morning and go for a ride	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Frank	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wake		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	wake up in the morning and go for a ride	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Frank	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	I like to read	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Hank	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	come in	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Jane	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	put this one in	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Kathy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	can you just try and tell me	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Keith	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	bow wow	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Linda	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh she 's not gon ta go to sleep	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hide		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	can you go hide	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Olivia	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you how	no I want that	5	4	question	declarative	Bates Olivia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	what 're ya going to do	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Ruth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	come here	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bates Ruth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	bang	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Father	do n't bang on the glass	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Father	Target_Child	eat it Nomi	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	dress		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	did you talk while getting dressed	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	27	Father	Target_Child	can I get the outer arm	no	6	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	yes give Mommy a blanket	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	give Mommy a blanket	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na put your diaper on	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't make it	no	5	1	declarative	question	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	bite	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	15	Father	Father	do n't bite Daddy	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	17	Father	Target_Child	now if I can hold them up high and you ca n't find them	no	14	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Father	Target_Child	what do you say if you want to come up here with Daddy	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Father	Father	listen I dry your back off	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Father	Target_Child	there it is	no no	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Target_Child	see how shiny they are	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Target_Child	see the tires on that car	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wipe		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Father	and wipe your tummy	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	18	Father	Father	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Father	okay let us clean your hands again	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Father	you are gon ta not gon ta get rid of your ear infection till you take the medicine	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Target_Child	come see me	no no	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Target_Child	come see me	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Target_Child	you wan na go ninight	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Target_Child	wash a face	no no	3	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Father	Target_Child	take a bite	no no	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Father	Father	wait	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Father	Target_Child	I want to show Mommy something you know	no no	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	give me your hand and I will help you	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Father	Target_Child	we are gon ta put it in your pack okay	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	I do n't even like to see your foot next to that edge	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	put it up on the counter	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	I do n't want you to play with it right now	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	un tell story	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bang		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	bang it	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	leave	no do n't push it	1	5	trail	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	help me	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hold		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Father	Father	you wan na hold on socks on but you	no no	9	2	trail	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play on the big red ball	no no	10	2	question	imperative_emphatic	McMillan Rachel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	would you bring it here and I 'll put it in the sink so I can wash it	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	23	Investigator	Target_Child	Eve can I play a game with Cromer	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	Sue I can wear Cromer 's glasses	no you do n't wear them	7	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Father	Target_Child	sit right here please	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you go look out the window and tell me if it 's raining	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	check		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to check it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	blow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	blow nose	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	spank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	spank	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	do n't do that Adam	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to have fun picking those up are n't you	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to put it on the table	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't turn dem round	no no do n't spread them all over the floor	6	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	37	Relative	Target_Child	can I play	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can can I keep dis	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I can reach with de ceiling	no no do n't stand up with your shoes on the sofa	6	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I can reach	no no do n't stand on the phone dear	3	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	break		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I break break dat off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I take de puzzle out	no you ca n't take it out	6	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep the keys	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	spill		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	so I can spill it	no so you ca n't spill it	5	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I get another stick off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feed		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I can I feed Paul with my breast	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep them	no they must be David 's	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tell		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	because I can tell time too	no you cannot	6	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I put some water in this	no you do n't need water in that	7	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep it	no you ca n't keep this	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I go get some	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	throw		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy said I can throw it	no he said he wanted to find the ball right where he put it	6	14	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	close		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	can I close his mouth	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	can I put my Bandaid on	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep these	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	walk	n't	ca	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't walk	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	can I sit	no no that 's far enough	3	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make	n't	ca	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't make	no my airplane make me mine	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	53	Target_Child	Mother	Ursula can I keep dis	no that 's Robin 's hat	5	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do here	no I 'm not going to do it	5	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I put something through here	no why do you wan na	6	6	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	bring		can	can	I	I	52	Investigator	Target_Child	no but I can bring it back	no but I do n't want you to	7	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	draw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	draw a little a	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open	n't	ca	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't open dis	no I can use	5	4	declarative	trail	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	no I can use	no I do n't want	4	5	trail	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's can it 's can do anything like I can do	no that 's enough	12	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pull		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	I haf ta pull it out	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	please let him have some dear	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	no you 're not gon ta take	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	let 's give him a few more	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stay	n't	ca	can	I	I	58	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe I could have a drink but I ca n't stay for supper	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	put dem down boys	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can get it down with dis chair	no I 'm getting using dis chair	8	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	spank		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	want Mummy to spank you	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	can I sit down	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	are n't you gon ta say anything except huh	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	dance		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	you like dancing school	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	poke		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I poke your eye out	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	I want do you	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I ca ca n't see her	no no you 'll see her later	6	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	see all the cars	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	why because you do n't go to bed do you	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	and you did n't wan na get up this morning did you	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	blow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	do you haf ta blow your nose	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no it 's hot	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	and I ca n't find a book	no just the new one	7	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	can I use it in my room	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	and I ca n't get them dirty	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy can I put my record on	no you ca n't turn the record+player on	7	8	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	can I talk in there	no he had ta go to the North Pole	5	9	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	um I I can do it out here	no we 'll haf ta first	8	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	take half of mine	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	you think I can do it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	can I go with ya	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Father	Target_Child	I want a give you a spanking	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	comb		can	can	I	I	49	Investigator	Target_Child	no can I comb your hair	no mine 's already combed	6	5	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy can I eat this water	no that 's not to drink	6	6	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy can I do that Mom	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pick		can	can	I	I	50	Investigator	Target_Child	can I pick him up	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Mother	yes you did	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Mother	Target_Child	you gon ta do it upside down this time	no of course not	9	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go out today	no you have a cold	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	inability	scribble		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy I can scribble on my books	no you do n't scribble on your book	7	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	scribble		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I scribble on my books	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	Mama can I play house	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	well I can put it away if you want	no that 's alright	9	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't go over and stay at Richard and Robin	no you 're not gon ta stay at Richard and Robin	11	11	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	can I wear it	no you 're not gon ta wear it	4	8	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	see	no	1	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shine		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	shine on in there dyu	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	look	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	okay take this one off	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	you wan na put it back	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	oh it 's a top oh look you have a frog too	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drink		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	what did you haf ta drink	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	catch		can	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	but I can I can catch the ball if I 'm kneeling down look it watch this okay	no	18	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	boom see if you can catch this one	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	roll	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	because I ca n't roll the ball	no duh throw the ball	7	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	throw it into the door	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	okay okay you wan na put them on different	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	you want go in the water	no I want tuh go out	6	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na get up	no make another cover for uhuh	6	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	no I wan na put the dollies together	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I ca n't put the dollies together	no	7	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Father	can I do that too	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you want me to do it maybe	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe we could just try it and see	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	can I come with you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		ca	can	I	I	35	Investigator	Target_Child	ca n't I even look at it for just a minute	no	11	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	the egg is probably what gave him the lump do n't you think	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	you do know how to put the socks and shoes on	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you need something else to mash into this	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you know I 've never seen you do these letters	no no do n't do dem	10	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	can I come in	no dere 's no room	4	5	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Investigator	Target_Child	hm do you like to get popcorn at the circus	no I like to get um a no I have popcorn but we usually last time I maked some and watch t v and eat dem and sometimes you put em in pots and den dey go pop	10	38	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	watch Mommy	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanHouten Jarret	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	watch Mommy	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanHouten Jarret	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	41	Investigator	Target_Child	but Mom can I go on the slide	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	VanHouten Brooke	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	42	Investigator	Target_Child	can I go on the slide now	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Danielle	positive	discourse
motor	inability	push		can	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	can I push the carriage	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Jessica	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	I ca n't see	no no you were right	4	5	declarative	declarative	VanHouten Stephen	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	39	Investigator	Target_Child	what can I do while they 're on the merry+go+round	no she lets her on	10	5	question	declarative	VanHouten Adam	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	knock		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	knock him over	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	VanHouten Anthony	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	41	Investigator	Target_Child	Mom can I go on the slide	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Aaron	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	can I go on like this	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Peter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	jump		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	jump over the little one	no	5	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	VanHouten Robert	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	41	Mother	Target_Child	can I do it now Becky	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Rebecca	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Father	Target_Child	give your daddy a kiss	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Father	stop it	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Target_Child	let 's eat some food	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Father	to say no	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	I ca n't do a lot of things	no	8	1	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	I 'll eat eat your bread	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	can I eat it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	so I ca n't get it	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Father	Target_Child	okay I 'm going to turn this off now	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	can I buy them	no	4	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Father	can I eat this cookie	no that 's rocks	5	4	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Father	I can do it	no do n't you dare	4	5	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	put it right there	no I wan na eat with the lights off	4	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hit		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Father	can I hit you on your head	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Father	Target_Child	right would you like to go outside and play with Marky	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Father	Target_Child	I 'm going to turn the tape recorder off okay	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	you found your toes can I eat your toes	no you ca n't take the paper for a hat	9	10	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	keep that one on though	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's hungry it 's gon ta eat up the ball	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	let 's see if I can see what it says	no it does n't say anything	10	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	attach		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	attached	no you 're not	1	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	I I want to read I I have some M And Ms	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no just turn it	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't do it	no	5	1	declarative	question	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this off	no no we need it on for a few more minutes	5	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fly		can	can	I	I	44	Mother	Mother	can I fly on your back asked the Whistler hopefully	no said the spring unicorn if we fly the journey will be over too quickly and I wo n't have time to listen to all that music I want you to play	10	32	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	15	Mother	Mother	can I use this for one sec sweetie pie	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	can I see you dance	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	and my nephew is like they like sing a song they sing a song and then they said do you want us to sing another song	no	26	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fix		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I fix your barrette sweetie	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	okay come over to Mommy lem me take it	no no	9	2	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	then you haf ta put your backpack back on	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	honey please do n't put that on mommy 's pants	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	and I ca n't find	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sing your a b c song for Manuela	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	there it is	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	we 're gon ta go out to the zoo so we haf ta keep our sweater on	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	okay you want mommy to take your Play Doh away	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	clip		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I can clip it on do you want me to clip yours on	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	thank you can I put it in my cup	no this one in your cup	9	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I play in the sandbox	no we 're not playing in the sandbox in your party dress honey	6	13	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I make a bridge in here	no honey we 're not playing with the sandbox in your party dress	7	13	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	no I ca n't see it	no I ca n't either	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
motor	inability	fix		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I fix your barrette	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	it does but I can put the clip on if you want	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I take this off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I make something for you	no I 'm making something out of clay	6	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stick		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I stick it to the rug	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stick		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I stick it to the rug	no we haf ta keep the clay off the rug	7	10	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh I see oh my gosh here can I see Thomas for a second sweetie pie	no I have it	16	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I hold them	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bring		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	and then bring it over	no I do n't want to you sit	5	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	honey		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	honey your birthday cake is in here	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	but I can show you and you can do it yourself	no I want to do it	11	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can can I watch tv	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I put what in Sweets	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I get you something else to eat	no I want a blue one	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na take a nap	no but I wan na read a book	6	8	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	Stella help called Sam I ca n't see did you turn off the lights	no I did n't said Stella see	14	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I can give you some of the cherry medicine for your stuffy nose if you want	no I do n't feel well I do n't need my cherry medicine	17	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	clean		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta go get a paper towel so I can clean your hand	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see her	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
motor	inability	trace		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	a picture of your hand can I trace your hand	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	can I get you anything else honey	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	Sleeping Beauty	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	can I put it in my nose	no you ca n't put it in your nose silly	7	10	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	can I try that again	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	16	Mother	Target_Child	can I help you	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	push		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Target_Child	Father	push	no yeah push	1	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Father	Target_Child	now watch watch this	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Father	Target_Child	oh come on it 's alright	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	just watch it	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	wouldja like to read some books	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	put the trains away	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	build		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	d'you wan na move over that way so I can build this for you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fix		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta fix it	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	come on sit down please	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	William will you come here and help Mommy clean up	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	stop it	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	take that out of your mouth please	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	I never make you eat food	no my food	6	3	self	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	wan na do it together	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	wan na help people	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see if you can find a schoolbus	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	we haf ta get another tissue	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	here let 's sit here let 's sit here	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	ya wan na put this on	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	kiss		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	well can I kiss it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	no we 're not going to ya haf ta listen	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	mommy 's gon ta put some medicine on your head	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shoo		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	shoo	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	28	Investigator	Target_Child	I can just put it closer	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na see your finger	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	would ya be interested in looking at these animals	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	would ya like to read it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	I wan na take the backpack off	no my guitar	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Sister	Target_Child	ya wan na get the ball	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fit		can	can	I	I	29	Sister	Target_Child	can I fit in the car	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	toot toot toot toot	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	go sit with teddy+bear	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you ready to get out of time+out	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	here do it	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you please	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na get back in your chair and color	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	did you say you wanted to watch tv	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	well then wear this a little bit longer	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	look it	no	2	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	clean		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you help me clean the table	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play with this	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	clean		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	yes honey do n't put anything on there because we 're gon ta clean the table	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	put them down	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	howzat you wan na try that	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	leave this here well I 'm gon ta clean up a little bit I 'm gon ta put your tools away at least okay	no leave it	24	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	stop	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh can I help you	no I do it	5	4	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fix		can	can	I	I	32	Father	Target_Child	I can fix it better I think	no that 's okay	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	carry		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	well I do but can I carry you downstairs	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Target_Child	then come on would n't do that	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	go see	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tell		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	look can I tell you a secret I wan na tell you a secret	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	let 's look at the pictures	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't see you I ca n't do it while you 're hanging on my back	no now I go on your back	17	7	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	no this go find a wise	no	6	1	self	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no I want that	2	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I open it up	no honey it 's not to be opened up	5	9	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I goes out	no no no we 're not gon ta go right now I have n't even taken a shower	4	18	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I open it up	no honey it 's not to be opened up	5	9	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you two	no no no	5	3	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Mother	no do n't throw it	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	what what can I get for you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I get a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	lem me have one	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	no do n't get me train	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to help me clean Dorothy	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	ah eh let me fix it first	no no no	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	no you have to keep it on honey	no no no no do n't pull it	8	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	yeah watch five	no	3	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I put this over here	no no no	6	3	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's pick up some of these toys over here what we were playing	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	well you have to put the arms in so we do n't lose all the pieces	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	get out of this room	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	alright well let 's go on time+out	no no	7	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	Alex we have to stay in here do you want Mommy to close the door	no no	15	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	see	no	1	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	measure		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	measure my arm	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	in a few more minutes you can take it off and then we 're gon ta go for a walk	no	20	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	alright I 'm gon ta do this one	no no no no	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I put on the green shoes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	touch	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	how come I ca n't touch the arms	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	okay get it	no no no no	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	put it on the nose	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	make roof	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	forget		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	oh forget it Mommy 's got a honey	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	is that all the blocks	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	build		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	building my block wall	no	4	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	knock	not	do	do	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	do not knock it down	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	okay give that one to Mommy Alex I 'll see if I can make it go	no you haf ta drag it drag it backwards like this like this	16	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	leave over there	no do n't leave	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	eat water	no no no no	2	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	smell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	smell good	no you ca n't eat it	2	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	listen	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	question		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Media	Target_Child	question what comes after twelve	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to see Finding Nemo	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh well then I ca n't read it you have got to put this on	no no put this on	15	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	have the mommy find the baby start up here	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	put this on come on	no no	5	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta sit right here	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	watch	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to read it again	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	try this	no this one	2	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	erase		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	can I erase this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	lem me put your name on it first	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Grandmother	Target_Child	go pick up your toys please	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but you 're gon ta sit on it	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	trace		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I trace this fish	no I draw an elephant Mommy	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I do this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Mother	can I make one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pour		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	can I pour	no	3	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	can I please play with some beans	no I wan na play with the beans	7	8	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I thought I was are you I could play too can I play	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play	n't	ca	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't play	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	41	Mother	Father	aw well you haf ta say something so I can go buy a new one	no you go buy a handle	15	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	use		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can use this hammer	no this one this one	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	15	Mother	Mother	can I put that back in your hair	no	8	1	question	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Grandmother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta wash your face I 'm gon ta wash your face and hands	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	let 's take a little break so I can find the wrapping paper	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drink		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	do you want a little more of this yogurt to drink	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Father	let me do it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na make the tree+house again	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	give		can	can	I	I	22	Father	Target_Child	can I give you a kiss	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I take your bib off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	Mommy would like to put this on your back okay	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	wan na see in the mirror how that looks	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 're done eating are n't you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I take your bib off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta haf ta pick that up	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I put it in the plate maybe	no	8	1	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I can find out which library has it that way	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	finish		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I finish eating one or two more bites of my cereal	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	call		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I haf ta where can I call you back in your office	no you want the frozen banana	12	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na sing it for me	no no no	7	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	29	Father	Target_Child	can I sit with you Boo and help	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I make a suggestion	no I ca n't want	5	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	'cause she does n't like to go to gymnastics	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I see Lucy for a minute	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	count		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I count them	no I 'm I 'm no I 'm about to put more cards	4	13	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	draw		can	can	i	i	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you draw two letter i	no she 's gon ta get something that she that she her mama tell her to get	6	17	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't mind if you shake it but I want you to pick up the nuts that are spilled on the floor too	no	24	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	Naima I haf ta go to the basement will you come with me	no not yet	13	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	that means let 's brush our teeth now	no no no	8	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	I need to put a little bit on your skin	no I wo n't like no	10	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta say no no that 's our cat	no no that 's our cat	10	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dance	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't dance in the livingroom with you when I 'm cooking	no I wan na	13	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to take that chick away from you	no it 's no	10	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	well you need to try	no I ca n't try either	5	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	no I ca n't try either	no I ca n't try either	6	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
motor	inability	jump		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh can I jump on them	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feed		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	okay I guess we better leave here and go somewhere go home so I can feed my toddler	no no we going to restaurant	18	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	for this no I can put it down	no I was just thinking Mom if I were to do that again	8	13	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	well then when then when you 're not around I can do it	no you ca n't do it when I 'm not around	13	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tear	n't	ca	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Target_Child	no I ca n't tear that	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	tape		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na tape this end	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	can I hold it flat	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	turn	n't	ca	can	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I ca n't turn it	no do n't do it that way	5	7	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Sibling	Target_Child	let me see them	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Lew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Sibling	Target_Child	get out Melissa	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Lew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	Melissa you wan na come read me a story	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post Lew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	fix		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	hey can I fix your hair while you are fixing the horse 's	no	13	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	yeah see he rides on his back like that	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Sibling	Target_Child	let me hammer	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	move out of the way before she gets your fingers	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Sibling	Target_Child	I 'll help you do it	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Sibling	Target_Child	let me	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	well what you wan na read	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	wait a minute let Mama flip it for you let 's see it wait a minute	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	okay let 's me and you do the puzzle	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	look he drives a truck	no no	5	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	24	Sibling	Target_Child	I ca n't find the dinosaurs	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you want me and you to do this puzzle	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Sibling	Target_Child	stop Sally get down you old doo doo	no leave it alone	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	here now you wan na do this one	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na do this one	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hold		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	hold on to it okay pull it back	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	Brittany come here you need ta look at this one	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	let Travis have a turn	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Sibling	Mother	want me to put the barber shop down	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Sibling	Target_Child	got that	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	no do n't take her baby ones	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	run		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Sibling	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta run over your tractor	no no	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	want me to put it in there nicely	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner None	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	measure		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you help us measure	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Target_Child	sometimes we have the them stay but then if then	no	10	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh you 're pretending to eat the ice+cream	no no	8	2	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 6757JC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	there you are	no open it	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	go zip	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you gon ta take him to school	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5928RL	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		's	be	NONE	NONE	18	Mother	Mother	oh mommy 's getting all wet	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5057MS18	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's take a look at all the animals and see who belongs on the farm	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4273WC24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	hah wait wait wait	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4310AM24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	clean		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	clean up the where where do the animals go	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4619WC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	separate		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	the animals are separated into these little these really neat baskets	no	11	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4619WC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what that is	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	mommy can I go play in the basement	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wake		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	can you make her wake up	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	she wants you to read her a book	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I read her a book	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	look we can have her eat some	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4687NH24mos	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh look I got some corn	no not eating	6	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4854MP24mos	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bzz		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	bzz bzz bzz bzz bzz	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5303CW24	positive	discourse
motor	inability	cook		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh can I cook something	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5540LD24	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	so can I see this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5543EF	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I eat the pepper	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5694MC	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Mother	um I 'm actually gon ta just do a quick interview with you now	no do n't eat it	14	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	add		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na add a little hotdog	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	no we 're not gon ta eat it right now	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	all done	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5929LD24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	do n't do it for real	no do n't do it	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 6815KG24	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's put that one over there	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 6626SW24mos	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hold		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na hold the babydoll	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 6826LD24	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	Miss		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	Miss Nyla sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 7814NB24moschild	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I eat it	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stir		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I stir it	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta eat mine	no no	6	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	maybe I can keep it	no I think it belongs here	5	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come give one more try and then we 'll have some dessert	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	can I go touch it	no do n't touch it Hon	5	6	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	can I just do this	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	Dad can I see the other	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pour		can	can	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	Isadora can I pour it	no I 'm going to why do n't I do it	5	11	question	question	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	listen if I come back tomorrow can I buy some more of this coffee	no you wo n't	14	4	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sleep		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	can I sleep in your bed	no	6	1	question	question	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I buy that milk	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	well that would be what to do would it would n't hurt	no	12	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	and uh let 's put the put all the the wheels back on the car	no	15	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	come to my store and buy me some stuff	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Xavia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Father	Target_Child	yes you do	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	yeah let 's all sing a song together	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Father	Target_Child	you wan na sing a song by yourself	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sing		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Father	Target_Child	sing the doctor song	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to put this money back in the cash register	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason William	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Father	Target_Child	instant sun Wa Wanda you 'll haf ta come maybe next week or the week after to my x ray department they 'll	no	23	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Wanda	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Target_Child	see if I can do it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	43	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't see anything at all	no	7	1	declarative	question	Gleason Ursula	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	bout		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	how bout if you close the drawer	no no no	7	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	doing it for you	no it 's the end	4	5	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	read		can	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	can I read it to you	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm gon ta get a sunburn	no that 's the sun	7	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	tell me all the colors that you see	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	scream		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Mother	hurry hurry screamed the fuzzy yellow duck it must n't roll into the wood	no it must n't shrieked Mrs Robin it might get lost or broken or something	14	15	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	48	Father	Father	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Mother	that 's not okay to throw things	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	48	Mother	Mother	how can I do something different	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	Arlo you 're almost done listen tell them what we did when we went to Hershey Park	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	yes did you go on the roller coaster listen	no	9	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	he wants to see what the plumber is doing huh	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	how about going when we was over there we went to the park	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	break		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na break it	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	yes you did	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	get Maria	no do n't get Maria	2	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	now keep your stomach you sit	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	buy	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	50	Adult	Mother	well then it 's gross milk do n't buy it anymore	no it 's skim milk it 's good	11	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you sit down and try that broccoli now	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	that 's why I wan na go downtown	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	put this in the sink	no no no	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Brother	Mother	want ta see how big my mouth is	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	excuse		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Father	does that mean you want ta be excused	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	sit there and eat	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	wan na try it	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	so once we clean up the dinner stuff we can go outside and play with Daniel okay	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Mother	because I so I so I gon ta take it in the so I gon ta take it right from the man	no	22	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	can I go play with Ryan	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Brother	Target_Child	Mom do n't make me eat all this hamburger	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta eat some more	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	blow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	Chi go blow your nose and we 'll see maybe your belly will have more room after that	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	Nikki you can get that over here so I can see it	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	spill		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Mother	you 're gon ta spill your soup please eat	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	now can I see it	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	46	Sister	Mother	mommy I can talk	no not until I after I shut the recorder off	4	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hurt		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	it 's gon ta hurt	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		be	be	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	Chi Chi are you gon ta be eating all this	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	after everybody finished everybody finished can I go outside	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	47	Playmate	Mother	can I go with you	no you 're not coming either	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear	n't	ca	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't hear you	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Father	Ma I did	no that 's the Disney book right there	3	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't wan na sit there	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	have		can	can	I	I	47	Brother	Mother	and can I 've the other leg Mom	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	get Mar	no do n't get Maria	2	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	well when you say you haf ta the bath+room tell them that you haf ta go the bath+room then go	no	20	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	cut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	uh want your hot dog cut up	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta take your food with it	no get some rest	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	let 's see how tall I can make it this time	no that 's not flat	11	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll come pick you up	no I 'm on the phone	6	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta call me	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	44	Brother	Target_Child	can I do some	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	move		can	can	I	I	47	Brother	Mother	I can move it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Target_Child	no I do n't want ta do that one	no do n't do that now	9	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	yes it do	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	let me think	no I do n't know where the one goes	3	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	Mama can I keep these toys	no you ca n't keep them	6	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	those are cups	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	put them t together	no put them together	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Mother	wait a minute	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Target_Child	Mother	car has ta go in there	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wash		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	wash your dishes and put them away	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	take them for a ride	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	I I wan na show	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drink		ca	can	I	I	46	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't just drink coffee	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	59	Sister	Mother	can I play with them	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	watch this	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	let us see if we can manage that one	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Target_Child	Mother	this these are stop lights	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	call		can	can	I	I	44	Mother	Target_Child	can I call you up now	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	to eat	no	2	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	how about having a cup of tea	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	toy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	no no Bro let your brother toy all the all the people out the bus and you gotta to make sure you put them in there and when you put them in there there 's seat belts like you do	no I do it	40	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Target_Child	Mother	we haf ta drive fast and pick up my dad	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	drive		can	can	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	can I drive please	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	draw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Mother	draw a line all the way across to that one	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	okay take it over there to her	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I can do it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	wan na see who took pieces out of it	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	talk		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Mother	you gon ta talk to me	no no this is for me	6	6	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta drive like that	no I would never drive like that	7	7	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	alright let 's see if we can clean up now even though Sis is here okay	no	16	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	45	Investigator	Target_Child	and then I can put the toys away	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	55	Target_Child	Mother	can I go to the moon	no you do n't haf ta you do n't haf ta read after me okay	6	15	trail	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said mistress bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said ba said m Mrs Bear	9	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	62	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	64	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm not gon ta get them	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na call me	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pour		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	can I pour the tea	no	5	1	question	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said missus bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	find		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	mommy will try to find it	no I just wan na go out before it 's late	6	11	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Missus Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath time anyway you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	20	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	whoosh		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	whoosh out into the night	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Miss Mrs Bear	9	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	60	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath time	9	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	50	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath time anyway you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	20	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath time	9	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said mother bear it 's bath time	9	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time	9	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Brother	Target_Child	you could ask me if you want me to read it	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	49	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said missus bear it 's bath time	9	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time anyway you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	19	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	61	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked the baby bear	no you ca n't said mistress bear	10	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said missus bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sleep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to sleep sleep hanging by your feet	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	61	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't sayed Mrs Bear Miss Miss yeah Mrs Bear	9	12	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	now let 's	no no no	3	3	interruption	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	help		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	can I help you	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	and he 's trying to make a mess	no he 's not trying to make a mess	8	9	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	he tried to help Bambi not to slip	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time anyway you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	19	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	61	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Missus Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Target_Child	it says can I go to the moon	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	60	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Missus Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath time anyway you 'd you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	22	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	wan na shut the tv off Chi	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	let 's talk about this here	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	60	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said missus bear it 's bath+time	9	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time anyway you 'd haf ta find a rocket first	9	19	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	turn the page	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time	9	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	53	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said ba said m Mrs Bear	9	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	68	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said missus Bear	9	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Target_Child	took a bath and then what	no first we took a bath and then we got dressed	6	11	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	tell her	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Mother	I do n't want you playing with your feet	no no	9	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Mother	tell me Mama	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	61	Target_Child	Mother	now can I play with my junk	no you haf ta tell a story good before you can play	7	12	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	curl		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	Curl	no	1	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Mother	you want me to say it then	no you say it	7	4	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stir		can	can	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	can I stir it stir it	no no	6	2	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na watch She Ra	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	58	Sister	Mother	mom can I just eat this half	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	splat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	you take the thing and splat it	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Father	Target_Child	what did you they 're gon ta they gon ta read you a book tomorrow	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	take your time honey	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	name		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody there named Mary	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to eat it nice	no not two popsicles Sis	7	5	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	you went to the children 's museum on Tuesday and then did n't you see the J F K kids come over and play with you on Thursday	no	28	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I play it with you	no you ca n't this is only a catalog Chi	6	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	bring		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Brother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta bring it down	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	he 's letting you get your own	no I wan na get it up there	7	8	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm gon ta go see	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	puke		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Sister	Target_Child	oh my God I 'm gon ta puke it out	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		can	can	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Mother	can give it to kitty	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	can I play with kitty with mouse please	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	listen		can	can	I	I	57	Sister	Father	can I listen to that	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	where you fooling around and she wanted you to take take you out of line	no no no	15	3	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	49	Father	Mother	no no no no no do n't get mad	no you 're not wrong Chi	9	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to make you get away from the table	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta put this back in the refrigerator	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	alright can I put mine on your dish	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta eat them	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	no more time to read and you wo n't and you 'll miss out	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	alright why do n't you get away from the table and get undressed	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Target_Child	Target_Child	I did mommy	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	here eat the tuna part	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	finish		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	finish that chicken leg	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	claw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	look up and critters clawing at your eyes	no sir	8	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	can I try	no I 'll try	3	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Father	can I go out Dad	no you better stay in it 's almost time for bed	5	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go	no let me do it myself	3	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	show		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	can I show you places got a lot of corn	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mommy		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	Mommy me you Tommy	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see nothing	no do n't put it right	5	6	declarative	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	let 's pretend Mommy 's cooking okay	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	62	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Target_Child	okay let me cut cut it with the knife so you do n't take too much okay	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	dress		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	who likes to dress up	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	beat		could	could	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	could beat up the bad guy	no that 's a girl	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	look		can	can	I	I	60	Sister	Target_Child	can I just look at it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	wait I 'll get it	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Mother	look at this necklace	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	I know let 's get Dad to wash the dishes	no I I 'll clean them up	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	serve		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	serve up some more of that eyeball soup	no not the eyeball soup again yuck	8	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	go when the bus is empty	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	puts it on covering her face shows Mot then throws it	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	imagine		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	imagine us all saying no at the same time	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	wan na talk to Mom	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's see if you can build something	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	wan na pour me some coffee	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	wan na go wipe your nose	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	ride		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Target_Child	honey how is that car going to ride through that	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	spo		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	is that oh am I spos ta do girls put it up here	no put them on your lap	13	6	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	want me want me to look in	no	7	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	let 's call each other on the phone	no that 's my phone	8	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	guess		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	can I guess	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na wear this for a scarf	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Target_Child	is this where I 'm spos ta put them	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	70	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	65	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold	n't	ca	can	I	I	65	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't hold on to their ears	no keep your balance	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	68	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said m Mrs Bear	9	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	64	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	63	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	count		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Mother	and count and read	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't see his body	no it 's under water	6	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	65	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	read		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta read the book now	no alright	7	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	64	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	64	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep this book	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	68	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said ma Mrs Bear	9	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	70	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	67	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	68	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wait	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	67	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear it 's bath+time anyway you 'll haf ta find a rocket first	9	19	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Target_Child	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	65	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mother Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	71	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I go to the moon es as asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said ma	11	6	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Investigator	Target_Child	well first I haf ta tell you something scary that happened to me	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	follow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Investigator	Target_Child	and um all of a sudden it started following me and I got a little nervous	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Target_Child	Mother	tell him	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	you you sure you do n't wan na tell her anything like that ever happened to you	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tell		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	68	Mother	Target_Child	tell her about it	no you	4	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Investigator	Target_Child	did the wolf did the wolf bite	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Father	Target_Child	get the spider down for you	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	71	Target_Child	Mother	she said you should 've came up and watched it	no she did n't I know her better than that	10	10	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Target_Child	see	no not yet	1	3	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	62	Target_Child	Mother	let 's see	no no no put it there	3	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	oh look at that steps	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	68	Brother	Target_Child	can I make a face	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	now try to put it down on there	no but it turned over	8	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	wait a minute	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	feel		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Mother	feels like someone 's trying to something that is like a ghost or something there is pushing it away	no put it on me no	19	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	lem me see one	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	watch watch	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Target_Child	look they 're all these together look	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	68	Target_Child	Mother	oh I ca n't do that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	68	Relative	Target_Child	I thought we 'd eat and leave you out	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	try it with something else see if something else will do that	no do n't do it that	12	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta make a face	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mess	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	67	Target_Child	Mother	do n't mess nothing up	no not you	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	inability	guess	n't	ca	can	I	I	71	Mother	Target_Child	well I ca n't guess that is it a house	no you 'll find out when I 'm done	10	9	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	71	Mother	Target_Child	no tell me what it is	no I 'm not finished	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	feel		can	can	I	I	64	Target_Child	Mother	I can feel it	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's called Fruity Marshmallows	no not that	6	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	66	Mother	Target_Child	here finish your juice so I can put this in the dish washer	no leave it	13	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	finish		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	62	Mother	Target_Child	you need ta finish eating some more	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	sit down please	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	now eat please	no I 'm not	3	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	68	Target_Child	Mother	I can eat it later	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Father	Target_Child	alright go	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Target_Child	Target_Child	shut your mouth shut your mouth	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	64	Target_Child	Mother	can I eat it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	butter		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	68	Mother	Target_Child	the bread is already buttered	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Target_Child	Mother	you want me to get it	no thank you	6	3	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	help		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Father	Target_Child	so the gym teacher teaches you huh helps you	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stay		can	can	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	can I stay up until one o'clock and then go to bed in the morning	no	15	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	67	Target_Child	Mother	I I can wear it maybe on my birthday	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	play		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Target_Child	Target_Child	but I do n't wan na play with her	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Target_Child	I meant to say does the beef melt in your mouth	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hold		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	hold it	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Playmate	Target_Child	no your brother he did	no you did	5	3	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	70	Mother	Target_Child	can I make something too	no I wan na use all blocks	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	70	Mother	Target_Child	I bet I can make it stay	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	70	Mother	Target_Child	can I try	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta make a big one	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll take turns doing it	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	let 's make a phone call let 's call Tasha okay	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	59	Mother	Target_Child	can I just try	no I wan na play with	4	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	you want something to eat	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shoot		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Mother	we 're going to shoot	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	call		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	call up Auntie	no you call up Auntie too	3	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	66	Mother	Target_Child	they 're not friendly they 're gon ta take the elephant 's tusks	no they ai n't	13	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	let me see if you can do it	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fix		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	why because it says Mr Fix Mr Fixit on it	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	go drive around with Fat	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	keep		can	can	I	I	71	Target_Child	Mother	can I keep the cars	no you ca n't keep them	5	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	ask		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	sh ask Shayla what 's up	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	stick		can	can	I	I	69	Mother	Target_Child	get you a notebook and I can stick it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	wan na call me	no you call me	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Mother	Target_Child	you 're spos ta eat like a young lady	no I 'm not I 'm eating	9	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Target_Child	get ready	no do n't go yet	2	5	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	goodbye		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Target_Child	Mother	goodbye	no no no no no	1	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	71	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta make a zoo	no I 'm gon ta make a castle	7	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	inability	ple		can	can	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	can I ple can I have the rest of your cucumbers	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	drive		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	you want ta drive the little car	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Chip	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	55	Mother	Mother	can I go to the moon asked baby bear	no you ca n't said Missus Bear	9	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Zachary	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	slow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	slow down shouted Donald	no look a bluebird	4	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Zachary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Mother	can I go go on the moon asked Baby Bear	no you ca n't said Mrs Bear	10	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Jon	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	62	Mother	Target_Child	shut it	no do n't I wan na do my a b c	2	11	trail	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Anne	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Child	you haf ta eat some more	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	blow		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Child	Jake go blow your nose and we 'll see maybe your belly will have more room after that	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	it has got to fit in there	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when Sissy useta climb trees and Daddy had ta get her out	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Warren Mary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	63	Mother	Target_Child	can I do that	no that 's	4	3	question	trail	Warren Jmarkey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Warren Jmarkey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	knock	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	two no do n't knock it down	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Warren Wendy	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	you wan na do a puzzle	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Warren Carol	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	we 're gon ta do one of these others	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Warren Carol	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	you gon ta put it back	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Warren Carol	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	inability	see	n't	ca	can	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	well I ca n't see it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Samantha	negative	discourse
motor	inability	eat		can	can	I	I	20	Child	Mother	can I only eat this carrots	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	come on let me see if I can get all that mud off your hands	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I go greenhouse	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	can I go greenhouse	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	eat	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't eat that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I do that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lick		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I lick it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	draw		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	can I draw on this book	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Mother	can I get my sweets now please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	35	Sister	Mother	Mummie I can go by myself	no you 're not old enough	6	6	declarative	declarative	Wells Sheila	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	27	Sister	Mother	can I play with Jane	no darling you 're not playing with anyone	5	8	question	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	can I go round today	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	23	Child	Mother	oh please can I play	no not now Lee lee	5	5	question	declarative	Wells Gavin	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I can do that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Nancy	positive	discourse
motor	inability	buy		can	can	I	I	18	Sister	Mother	can I buy something	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Target_Child	or can I put them on the settee ca n't I	no	11	1	question	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I can hear rings	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	wan na go back	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	please can I get down	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't go on yours can I Daddy	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Betty	negative	discourse
motor	inability	eat	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I ca n't eat it in the inside no	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	negative	discourse
motor	inability	polish		can	can	I	I	21	Child	Mother	can I polish	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	26	Child	Target_Child	Mum I ca n't do it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	discourse
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	30	Child	Child	I got can we wash can I wash my hands at your house	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	blow		ca	can	I	I	39	Child	Mother	ca n't I blow it up with this	no	8	1	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
motor	inability	rub		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	Mum can I rub it in	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach	n't	ca	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't reach any	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Mother	yes you stand on this one where I can see you	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't wan na wear this one	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	can I turn the the light off	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	can I sit down for five minutes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I get my	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	no do n't do that	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Wells Debbie	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get it on	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	negative	discourse
motor	inability	choose		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Father	I can choose that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Penny	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	23	Child	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
motor	inability	turn		can	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	Mummie can I turn the tellie on	no	7	1	question	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	18	Child	Mother	can I go to the suspension bridge with Kay	no	9	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	can I go to school now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
motor	inability	tip		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	can I tip em in	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
motor	inability	carry	n't	ca	can	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't carry it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	cry		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	we say cry we say shut up	no we did n't	7	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	okay put the elephant back on the car	no he fell down	8	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	tickle		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	I 'm going to tickle you	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get	n't	ca	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't get ice cream	no you 've had enough	6	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I will so that I can do it fast	no do it slow	9	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dance		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	can I dance with you	no I dance myself	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	dance	n't	ca	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	I ca n't dance with you	no I do n't want you dance with me	6	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
motor	inability	chew		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	can I chew you	no no rocken them	4	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I can make you fly too	no do n't do n't	6	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	take them off so that I can wash them okay	no I wan na wear them	10	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to put your books on the sidewalk	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	lay		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I lay this down too	no I think they haf ta be standing up	6	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	try		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na try that	no take that off	6	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wear		can	can	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	can I wear yours	no you said you have some	4	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	so I can see any more of him	no I do n't see him hey	8	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Father	can I see if Sherry wants to come out and play	no she 's gon ta come up here and play with you in a little while okay	11	17	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I put it on here	no leave it there	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Target_Child	Father	I 'm gon ta eat all you up	no no help	8	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wipe		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Target_Child	Father	now I 'm gon ta wipe my foot on you	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	are ya 'll about ready to eat	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Target_Child	I know I haf ta use your bath+room	no you you can go to somebody you can you can you can pee in the street	8	17	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Von	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta stand in here maybe I can	no	10	1	trail	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I can I see	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	shave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	shave the hair off too	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Patrick	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	run		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	running around outside with too few clothes	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	you turn around and eat now	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	you now haf ta come down	no no	6	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Child	Child	no I ca n't put it there	no oh no you do n't you better not mail it	7	11	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	pretend		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	pretend I was a zoomer	no no	5	2	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	chop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	yeah and then chopped the statue down	no no	7	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I need ta go to get something	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	wait till I get down	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	make		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I know how to make our cards	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	oops keep it out try and keep it on the table okay	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	inability	reach	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I ca n't reach that far	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
motor	inability	read	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	well I ca n't read your name anymore	no no writing on this commercial	8	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	pour		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na pour it	no this is hot	5	4	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta do it	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	and your penis sticking out	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	color		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Target_Child	colored kittens you wanted right	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	keep		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	keep	no my brother was the first one	1	7	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	well do n't do it now	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
motor	inability	break		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	if you do n't let me have any more I can break up your train tracks	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	can I take yours off now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	stop	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	now come on up there now come on down here	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	let 's smash it apart	no do n't bust it	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	saturday can I go to Chris' house	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hide		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	you mean hide them	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	you went with the school to do this did n't you	no we went school	11	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	I want I you I want please take your hands off your food	no dad what I I 'm already full	13	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	do n't pick at it	no there 's meat stuck in there	5	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	care	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	do n't care right this is cream	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Todd	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	get in	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	get	no we haf ta get the get a bag	1	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	gimme		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	gimme those	no give them to dad no dis is not the jail	2	11	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	mind		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	never mind	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	stay here Julia to stuff those papers	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	okay can I do something else now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I come in	no I 'm pee peeing	4	5	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wipe		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	now all of you take a paper towel and wipe this up right now	no I 'm not	14	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	get out of here	no we 're not getting you we 're getting Gabriella	4	10	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	hey let 's play the funny movies next	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	I wan na listen to your heart Chris	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	listen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I wan na listen	no	4	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	paint		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	it has paint on it	no we was painting gingerbread	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I try that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	I ca n't find it	no	5	1	declarative	question	Hall David	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	maybe if you wait until it 's a little later I can get it in there	no too late	16	3	question	question	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	Dominick do banner	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	do do do do	no stop walking on them	4	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I see it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	can I hold your block for a minute	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	can I go first	no you know Joe has ta go first	4	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	talk		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	can I talk tru here	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	look when when when I when I was standing up he went like this	no I did not	14	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	look at this	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	wait	no	1	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I 'm seeing what I can do	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I hear it	no we 're not	4	4	question	trail	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Sister	Target_Child	wait wait	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Remi	positive	discourse
motor	inability	climb	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	climb up there I ca n't	no you ca n't climb up that slide	6	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	go ask Mrs Witt Miss Witt	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stop		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Child	stop get back get back in line	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	so I ca n't go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Roland	negative	discourse
motor	inability	see		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Target_Child	I 'm cutting off the light I can see better	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	move	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Ronald	positive	discourse
motor	inability	find		can	can	I	I	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	okay excuse me and let me see if I can find this dog	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Ronald	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	wait wait	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kim	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	lem me copy dis lemee copy it	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kim	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	Kim lem me hear something	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kim	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	lem me see it Kim	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kim	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	give me that	no no Michael	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	do n't give her none Trina	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Trina	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	you want me to do it	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	sit your butt up here Latisha and stop playing	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	but I do n't like my hair to get wet	no sir	10	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	watch		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	watch me ya ass+hole	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	pick it up again	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Child	you ready to go	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I come in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	now I ca n't even watch it	no you 'll haf ta watch it tomorrow	7	8	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	turn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I think I 'm gon ta turn it off for a while	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say		can	can	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	all I can say is we can put it back together like this	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pick		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't I wan na pick a blue card so I could go	no let me let me just see read the instructions and see what it says	15	15	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
motor	inability	unscrew	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I ca n't unscrew it	no you do n't really unscrew it	5	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	start		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	they did not you say start talking too	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	taste		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	taste it taste it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	see see the little truck goes here	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	57	Unidentified	Child	can I make a car	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	leave em	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	please do this for me	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I do n't want to wear it	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	lem		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	okay lem me put this thing up	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's eat	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	now can I do something with the broom for a second	no	11	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	now get up here and let me wash your hands	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	first let me wash your hands	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	give me	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	come on	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	I 'd like you to come in here and draw something	no I said no	11	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I want put this in alright	no open the other closet	6	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	hey copper come on and let me go	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	I wan na get dat	no I wan na get snowy	5	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Target_Child	so can I hold it till we get downstairs	no	9	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	cover		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I 'll keep you covered	no I lost it	5	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I get a set of keys	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	oh yeah I can hold your stop watch	no no he 's testing	8	5	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	inability	make		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I can make it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	take them off	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hold		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I can I just hold one	no I 'm holding	7	4	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	you 're put them	no	4	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
motor	inability	do	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Sister	Child	no I ca n't do that	no what happened was that I	6	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
motor	inability	take	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Sister	Target_Child	I ca n't take this this thing is getting giving me a headache	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
motor	inability	feel		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I feel it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fahdur		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	father fahdur someone steals our jewelry	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh y come on you 're putting me on	no I r I really did	9	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	be		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	is that the only reason for having a soul	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	I know that 's what I 'm making you for lunch but how about having some breakfast	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	go		can	can	I	I	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	can I go with you to school so I could have lunch	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	come		can	can	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	hey Steve can I come up and help you pick up crayons and we can do some drawing up there	no I do n't wan na do drawing	20	8	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	fuey		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	Hong Kong fuey him	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	okay Steven do you wan na put a a log on	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Child	can I play with you	no you do n't know how to bay	5	8	question	question	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	sit		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	Debbie can I sit on your lap	no no no I do n't like	7	7	question	trail	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	put it all back in this	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wash		can	can	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	can I wash your face	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	open		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you like me to open this up for you	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	open		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I can open mine	no the last time I made orange juice out of it	4	11	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	I 'm afraid you 're gon ta get hurt playing baseball	no we 're not	11	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hurt		'll	will	NONE	NONE	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	no I 'm afraid you 'll get hurt with it that	no we wont	11	3	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	inability	figure		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	let me see if I can figure out where though	no we could n't get parking up town	10	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wear		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta wear it when	no you 're not	7	4	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Father	do n't eat my potato	no	5	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	negative	discourse
motor	inability	hit		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I know I can hit Robbie right	no we no we did it	7	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	finish		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	finish your fish and then you have corn	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Grandmother	Father	you want me to throw this out	no do n't throw Steven out	7	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	then you 're gon ta get your book and then it 's time to	no	14	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	use		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	okay use the blues then	no the red	5	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	want		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	wan na put some on your hands	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	change		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	her temper in the morning I is changed	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	do		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	yes he did	no he did n't	3	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	I wan na go on the merry go round	no you 're not	9	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	throw		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	throw it to me	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	you wan na go with her with Karen and run around	no Lisa banner 's staying with me	11	7	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	sit		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	yeah sit over here and I 'll f feed you	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	uhut		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Child	chuu chu chu chu you be d engineer okay	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	give		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Child	Target_Child	I 'll get a bigger chair I 'm gon ta to give you uhder chair	no I do n't wan na chair Lisa	15	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Child	Child	look it	no no I 'm a sister mother	2	7	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	inability	paint		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	hm can I paint your shoes	no it 's still bugs	6	5	question	trail	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	come well put Mickey Mouse on	no Ma I do n't wan na watch it	6	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		did	do	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Mother	did see Julia	no	3	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	inability	pick	n't	ca	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't pick it up Ma	no	7	1	declarative	question	Hall Samantha	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	come on Samantha is on television now	no no	7	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	inability	play		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	hey Ma can I play with my ball	no you ca n't play ball in the house	8	9	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	eat		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	no not today eat the apple regular	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	oh they they have ways of putting a door back up	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
motor	inability	put		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	can I put this in	no the machine the machine is turned off	5	8	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	take some take some girls panty+hose down	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	I 'll show you look	no that 's too hard	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	get up	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	let me see	no come on	3	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	put it in there	no put it in there	4	5	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	hey put it here	no put it right there	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	inability	move		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	okay how about can I move over this side so that you can do some painting here	no I wan na watch dat	17	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
motor	inability	take		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	daddy can I take my ball to school	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	can I get one of these	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	let 's see	no but I had another train track	3	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	I 'm gon ta go round	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Child	let 's see what you can to make little animals okay	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Adult	Child	alright just take a little bit of everybody 's	no	9	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	share		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	Steven you haf ta share play dough with everyone	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	Gabriel 's one Joey wanted to go two	no	8	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	and the airplane yeah so anyway there 's Oscar looking up into the sky and boom he walks right smack into	no not Oscar	21	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	face		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	face this way	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	pretend		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	pretend you you um my family that did n't turn into a monster you and Gabriella	no	16	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	go		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	go away	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	look outside	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	look look robots	no do n't break it it 's Meike 's	3	9	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	hit	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	uhuh uhuh uhuh do n't hit me Perri do n't hit me Perri	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	negative	discourse
motor	prohibition	show		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you can come back here in a little while but Bernice has something interesting to show you	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	I wan na see	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	taste		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	do you think this yellow butter is gon ta taste different than the white butter	no	15	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	watch		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Child	I can watch	no we 're all finished	3	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	take some	no no	2	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	set		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	ready on your mark get set go	no not daeaet	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see if mommy can get two hands instead of one hand	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	er come here Ma	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	stay		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	stay over there next to the next to the cabinet	no not dere dere	10	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	move your chair out a little	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	name		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	little girl named Gabriella	no I love to be poop Tod Tovar	4	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	put		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	first you get it out and put them put them	no	10	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	insist		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	Gabriella I haf ta insist	no I want to do it in the bath+room and with duh paper towel	5	14	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
motor	inability	say		can	can	I	I	57	Sister	Target_Child	can I say sum m	no no do n't say it in nere	5	8	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
motor	inability	try		can	can	I	I	57	Sister	Target_Child	Brett can I try	no I got it first	4	5	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
motor	inability	hear		can	can	I	I	57	Sister	Target_Child	Brett can I hear	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
motor	inability	wait	n't	ca	can	I	i	57	Sister	Mother	mommy I said hey Robin let me go up there and catch them now ca n't wait until I	no do n't catch her	19	5	trail	question	Hall Brett	negative	discourse
motor	inability	get		can	can	I	I	57	Sister	Mother	mommy I can get that stuff that that 's like dat you put it on and your nails get real long have you heard about that one	no I do n't want you ta put that stuff on	27	11	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	kuhahn		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	mommy kuhahn one a these	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	see		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	and I have somebody kai see something for a minute	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	that		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	thas your book Keisha	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	move over	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	leave		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	leave it alone	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	move		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	move Keisha	no	2	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	take		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I am gon ta take it home	no you ai n't	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	den		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	den the things blow up	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	look		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Child	we just we just wan na look at at how children communicate and see of we can understand it and see if we can teach children to communicate better	no	29	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	say		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	say you count	no	3	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	get		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	no yes I wan na get on the other side	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	let		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	let 's get out of here	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	come		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	Gabriel you were already up there come on down	no let me	9	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta wait	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	wait		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	Julia wait Julia	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
motor	prohibition	happen		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	is that what happened	no just read it	4	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
