Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	can I have some more	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	you 're not spos ta have water on the floor	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	you can have two	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	you have these two	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Father	Target_Child	which one 's mine	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		people	people	30	Father	Target_Child	hey there 're people in here	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		doctor	doctor	30	Father	Target_Child	there 's the doctor	no	4	1	declarative	trail	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	for dinner I ca n't have another one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	32	Father	Target_Child	oh there 's a lot of stuff in there	no do n't baby	9	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	you can have one piece of green gum	no I want two pieces of gween gum	8	8	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	35	Father	Target_Child	it does n't have any wires on it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	let me have my ball back please	no I I want it	7	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		sharks	shark	37	Father	Target_Child	are there sharks around	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	39	Father	Target_Child	do they have real golf clubs at the new school	no	10	1	question	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Target_Child	Target_Child	no you haf ta	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	47	Father	Target_Child	it does n't have a top	no it 's not	6	4	declarative	declarative	Demetras1 Trevor	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	25	Investigator	Target_Child	are there any people in the picture	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	ours	not					26	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not ours that belongs Pat and Lois	no the tape	9	3	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Investigator	Target_Child	let me have the tape now	no no Christ	6	3	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	would you rather have a hot dog	no let me have that	7	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	27	Investigator	Target_Child	I know it has tires on it but I 'd like to look at it	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					28	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's not yours it 's mine	no it 's not it 's mine	7	7	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	did you tell Patsy and Loi you did n't have a nap today	no did n't have a nap today	13	7	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							28	Mother	Target_Child	those are mine	no those are mine no mine	3	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a Volkswagen in your room	no this is engine	8	4	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a car	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	you have a choo choo train at Nana 's house	no it 's on the street on the street	10	9	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have a tape recorder in your room	no I had a record player	10	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sled	sled	29	Investigator	Target_Child	uhhuh is there a sled in there	no this is a	7	4	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	Jenny	Jenny	29	Investigator	Target_Child	Jenny 's not having her lunch now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	29	Investigator	Target_Child	could I have it back	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	30	Investigator	Target_Child	did it have a siren	no a light	5	3	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a watermelon	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	30	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have a hole in it	no it does have a hole in it	7	8	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a baby+sitter sometimes	no yes I have a baby+sitter	6	6	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	did you have any milk	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	would you like me to tear this piece off and let you have it	no	14	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		trains	train	30	Mother	Target_Child	I wish we could go on a train there 's no trains that go to atlantic city	no we ca n't go on a train	17	8	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sock	sock	31	Mother	Target_Child	is there a sock in the shoe	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Investigator	Target_Child	are they yours	no I do n't know	3	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you have two homes	no I do n't have two homes	4	7	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a boat at in Longport	no I do n't have a boat huh	8	8	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have a boat	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fire	fire	31	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a fire in the car	no there 's no fire	7	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		steps	step	31	Investigator	Target_Child	there were n't any steps	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	have I have some in here	no I had some in here	6	6	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	or do you have a bottle when you go to bed every night	no I have a	13	4	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do they have train tracks at school	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		toys	toy	33	Investigator	Target_Child	okay you gon ta put it where there are n't any toys	no uh	12	2	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a hurt foot	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Investigator	Target_Child	we have sensitive ears	no it does n't hurt	4	5	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	Peter	Peter	33	Investigator	Target_Child	Peter did n't have a nap today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	does n't have any cold	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Jenny	Jenny	32	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you think Jenny can have one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you have all the rest you have them all the rest Jenny wants to play too	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	32	Investigator	Target_Child	mhm do they have the same kind of hair	no	9	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		plastic	plastic	32	Investigator	Target_Child	there is plastic on this one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		milk	milk	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	is there milk in here	no hm this up higher	5	5	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	n't					32	Investigator	Target_Child	these are n't mine	no they 're not yours	4	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		wheels	wheel	37	Investigator	Target_Child	are there any more wheels in the bag	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	34	Target_Child	Mother	no no they have this and my toy yes I 'm gon ta wake up and my toy	no	18	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lots	lot	34	Investigator	Target_Child	there are lots of chairs	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	let her have a chair Pete	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	baby	baby	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	the baby has them	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	34	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's nothing here you wan na play with	no	9	1	question	declarative	Bloom Peter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	21	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have this clown	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	21	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have this clown	no no no	5	3	question	declarative	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	21	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have enough	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bloom Eric	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	have big big trunk	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you ready to have a bath	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you not coming to have a bath	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have this	no no Mu	4	3	question	self	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta let Mummy have it	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		mouse	mouse	24	Mother	Target_Child	how many mouse are there how many mice are there	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	zebra	zebra	24	Mother	Target_Child	the zebra has stripes	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Father	Target_Child	we having chicken for tea	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lion	lion	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh there 's a lion coming	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	Daddy	Daddy	24	Father	Target_Child	has Daddy had his haircut	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	pig	pig	24	Mother	Mother	oh mind you that pig 's having a	no it 's not it 's a sheep	8	8	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					24	Mother	Target_Child	is it not mine	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		cat	cat	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a cat in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Fraser	Fraser	24	Mother	Mother	here Fraser have that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					24	Target_Child	Mother	no mine	no they 're mine	2	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Mother	Target_Child	no they 're mine	no my blues	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no no mine	1	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have that please	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bear	bear	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a bear in the kitchen	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	Maisy	Maisy	24	Mother	Mother	yeah Maisy does n't have big big teeth	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no these are for Jwww	1	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is Fraser gon ta go and have a shower	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a shower	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	have you just had your breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	did you have Cornflakes for breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		car	car	24	Mother	Mother	there 's a car coming	no it 's not the dustman	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go downstairs and have some Cornflakes	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Investigator	Target_Child	is this mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have this	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	it	it	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it 's having a shower	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anyone	anyone	24	Investigator	Target_Child	is there anyone	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		bear	bear	24	Mother	Target_Child	no there 's no bear	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lots	lot	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's on the farm there are lots of things to see and count	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	no you had it	no have it	4	3	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Ollie	Ollie	24	Mother	Target_Child	Ollie has a flute	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	can I have a hug	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		boy	boy	24	Mother	Target_Child	once there was a boy	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had a busy day today have n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no have it	4	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dinosaur	dinosaur	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a dinosaur in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Target_Child	oh is Jane gon ta have a drink	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		dinosaur	dinosaur	24	Mother	Target_Child	tell Jane there 's a dinosaur coming	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine mine mine mine mine	no no no no no	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							25	Target_Child	Target_Child	my	no	1	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we 'll have sausages	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Father	Target_Child	shall we have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		hippo	hippo	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no hippo coming	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Father	Target_Child	you have gravy on your jelly	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we had a busy day today did n't we	no a crab	9	3	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	we can do this after you 've had a bath	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to have your tea in a bit darling	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's go and have your tea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go and have your tea	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					25	Target_Child	Target_Child	no mine	no my do it	2	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you not gon ta let Mummy have a look	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	doggies	doggy	25	Mother	Target_Child	doggies do have whiskers	no	4	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	is he having a bath	no a duck	5	3	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go and have a look	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	25	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy have it	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's mine	no that mine	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							25	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no that mine	3	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Fraser	Fraser	25	Investigator	Mother	does Fraser have an Action Man	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a hat like that	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	26	Investigator	Target_Child	can he have a go with his hat	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	we 're gon ta have tea soon darling	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta have tea in a minute	no I want a botbot	9	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	but you 're gon ta have tea soon	no I want	8	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cat	cat	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a cat	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you just had one	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a bath	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 're gon ta haf ta have a bath soon darling	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have a bath	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have a bath then it 's bedtime	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the book	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Mother	Target_Child	Tigger 's mine	no my Tigger	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Target_Child	no it 's mine	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		lampshade	lampshade	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no lampshade there is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Lizzy	Lizzy	26	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Lizzy	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		car	car	26	Target_Child	Mother	or there 's the black car	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Mother	Target_Child	is that mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	26	Mother	Mother	there 's lots of bikes are n't there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	and we 're gon ta have lots of balloons like this at the wedding	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Mother	they 're mine balloon	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Mother	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	27	Brother	Target_Child	you can have a towel	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Daddy	Daddy	27	Mother	Target_Child	did Daddy have a hat	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	27	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy had a hat	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Grandad	Grandad	27	Mother	Target_Child	and Grandad had a hat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Grandad	Grandad	27	Mother	Target_Child	and other Grandad had a hat	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	let me have a look at this one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	are they gon ta have a hu are they gon ta have a cuddle	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have your botbot	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	wan na lie down and have your botbot	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have your botbot now	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have your botbot	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	because you had your pajamas on last night did n't you	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	let Mummy have that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	you gon ta have one listen before we go	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta come and have a bath	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							27	Target_Child	Target_Child	his	no	1	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some food with Twww	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have anything to eat	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you had an orange	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have an orange	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one of your crisps Fraser	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lots	lot	27	Mother	Target_Child	are there lots and lots of toys upstairs	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you do n't have it on now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you had a straw	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		what	what	28	Target_Child	Mother	what is there	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	let let 's have a look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	28	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of food in here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Target_Child	Mother	you had spaghetti	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you gon ta have a look	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you not gon ta have a look	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					28	Target_Child	Mother	that that 's not mine	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							28	Target_Child	Mother	that 's yours Mummy	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		number	number	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's number four	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							28	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	and you need ta have them cut	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	28	Target_Child	Mother	we have and Daddy have his picture taker	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	I have my picture taker	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		they	they	28	Mother	Target_Child	and they were n't there were they	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							28	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's mine	no it 's mine	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		pussy+cat	pussy+cat	28	Mother	Target_Child	there was a little pussy+cat on the television	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lines	line	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the lines	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		space	space	28	Target_Child	Mother	because there 's space there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							29	Target_Child	Mother	is that yours	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		birds	bird	29	Target_Child	Mother	and there 's three and there 's three birds	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you had beetroot did n't you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pillow	pillow	29	Target_Child	Mother	there 's that pillow	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you do n't have showers do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	these are mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	that one is mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	that one is mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Mother	Target_Child	that one is mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have chicken and chips	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	did you have sweet dreams	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's nothing on that side	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Grandma	grandma	29	Target_Child	Mother	Grandma have chicken chips	no Grandma does n't have chicken	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Greatgrandma	Greatgrandma	29	Target_Child	Mother	and and Greatgrandma have peas	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Grandma	Grandma	29	Target_Child	Mother	and Grandma have chicken	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	Greatgrandma	Greatgrandma	29	Target_Child	Mother	do Greatgrandma have peas	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Fraser	Fraser	29	Mother	Target_Child	did Fraser have peas	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have a look at the window	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	Grandma	Grandma	29	Target_Child	Mother	is Great Grandma have peas	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	we do n't have scooters in the house do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are they gon ta have Tubby toast	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have any boats in our garden	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		books	book	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some books there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I have bot bots	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	30	Mother	Target_Child	do they have a party one	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		painting	painting	30	Target_Child	Mother	um there 's no painting on that one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		crabs	crab	30	Mother	Target_Child	and were there crabs on the floor	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy did n't have any popcorn either did he	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a nap	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	did he h did he have turkey	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Mother	Target_Child	is it mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		chicks	chick	30	Mother	Target_Child	how many chicks are there	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you not like having a bath anymore Fraser	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	they	they	30	Target_Child	Mother	are they having their tea	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I I I do n't have a garter	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	you have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	you have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	can you have some again	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	you have that one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	can you have some more	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm having a wee wee	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		snow	snow	30	Target_Child	Mother	is there snow	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							30	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's like yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	n't					30	Target_Child	Mother	this is n't mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	30	Target_Child	Mother	can we have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	because we do n't want you to have an accident then do we	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	who	who	30	Mother	Target_Child	and put the bag outside and they come and take the bag and they give it to people who do n't have any toys	no	24	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	what do I have	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					30	Target_Child	Mother	no mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my botbot please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a go	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Thomas	Thomas	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	and there 's Thomas over there and that 's a crocodile	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's his	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		toys	toy	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's many toys	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look shall we	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na have a go	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		pages	page	31	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no pages on there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					31	Target_Child	Mother	they not mine and Jwww 's	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		trousers	trousers	31	Target_Child	Mother	there 's my trousers	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	but I do have two hands	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you just had a botbot Fraser	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you just had one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Mother	Mother	is it mine	no	3	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's yours	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piece	piece	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a piece that goes in between	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have crisps for lunch	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have crisps for breakfast	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		room	room	31	Mother	Target_Child	and there was no room for Daddy was there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	yours	no	1	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	what brush are you gon ta have Fraser	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	did you have no clothes on	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	she	she	32	Investigator	Target_Child	is she having a sleep	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	Mummy	mummy	32	Mother	Target_Child	was Mummy having a sleep	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a dance	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look inside	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	32	Mother	Target_Child	but they 're all squashed are n't they because there 's not enough room	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	32	Mother	Target_Child	because there 's not enough room for all of them is there	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		somebody	somebody	32	Target_Child	Mother	there 's somebody at the door	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go downstairs now and have a look	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Jay	Jay	32	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't a Jay Jay though is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	32	Mother	Target_Child	you see there 's still a lot of pieces missing darling	no I can do this	11	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	one	one	32	Target_Child	Mother	this one not have a box	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you should have an early night tonight should n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you not wan na have your hair cut	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a big hug	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							32	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's my	no	3	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		number	number	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's number one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you not have you not haf ta press anything	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta press anything do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have food	no I not have c I not have c food cat	5	11	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	n no I not have cat food	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have cat food	no you do n't have cat food	6	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go down and have your tea	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	33	Father	Mother	Fraser there 's lots of bubbles	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		nothing	nothing	33	Target_Child	Mother	there 's n there 's no nothing in it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	33	Mother	Target_Child	but come round this way because there 's more room	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it ha it has money inside	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go down and have your tea	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	33	Father	Mother	Fraser there 's lots of bubbles	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	33	Mother	Target_Child	come round this way because there 's more room	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it has money inside	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Old	Old	33	Mother	Target_Child	Old MacDonald had a farm	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go and have our tea first	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	33	Target_Child	Mother	this one have a top	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't want Mummy to have a headache do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it does n't have a top	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he has a botbot	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we 've had no post yet	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		rush	rush	33	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no rush	no a zip	4	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you have n't yet have you	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		dragons	dragon	33	Mother	Target_Child	was there any dragons in Monsters Inc	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		dragons	dragon	33	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no dragons in Monsters Inc	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		dragon	dragon	33	Mother	Target_Child	was there a dragon in Monsters Inc	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have a purple one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look out this window	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		worms	worm	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no worms on that picture is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	34	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't they do n't haf ta go backwards do they Mummy	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		ones	one	34	Target_Child	Mother	are there no more blue ones	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you had any breakfast	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		dogs	dog	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no dogs there is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		books	book	34	Target_Child	Mother	in Jwww bedroom there 's library books	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		mud	mud	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no mud here	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		mud	mud	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no mud is it	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mud	mud	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's mud here	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have we	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							34	Target_Child	Mother	am my I 'm too little	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					34	Target_Child	Target_Child	no mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dungarees	dungaree	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's is there dungarees in my drawer	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	one	one	34	Mother	Target_Child	did the pink one have some glasses	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	one	one	34	Target_Child	Mother	and that one does n't have any horns	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	one	one	34	Mother	Target_Child	that one does n't have any horns either does it	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you not gon ta have your breakfast then	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you are because you still have botbots	no I not	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	why should it have wheels	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	because it do n't have wheel	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	it does n't have wheels does it	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	towers	tower	34	Target_Child	Mother	towers do n't have wheel	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	34	Mother	Mother	shall we have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		story	story	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a story here to read	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have lots to eat	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	we do n't haf ta we do n't haf ta color in	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	do n't haf ta color it in blue	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go downstairs and have your tea	no you	10	2	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a bath	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	wan na go and have a bath	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		drains	drain	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no drains	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		green	green	34	Target_Child	Mother	is there no green	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		botbot	botbot	34	Target_Child	Mother	is it there 's a botbot on the table	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		botbot	botbot	34	Target_Child	Mother	is there 's a botbot in my foot	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	but you ca n't have it now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		monkey	monkey	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no purple monkey	no there is n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		man	man	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no man	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	Triceratops	Triceratops	35	Mother	Target_Child	Triceratops does n't have any hands	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		slide	slide	35	Mother	Target_Child	was there a slide at babyschool	no there was a climbing frame	6	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Lighyears	Lighyear	35	Target_Child	Mother	there n there n there 's two Buzz Lighyears	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's nobody on here	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	but you have bot bots	no I not baby anymore	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		animals	animal	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no animals	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		monsters	monster	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no monsters up here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	because you do n't do n't do n't you do n't haf ta shout	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	35	Target_Child	Mother	this there 's a Australia book	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		cars	car	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no cars is there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Protocerotops because it does n't have three spikes	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		place	place	35	Mother	Target_Child	because there 's a place in Mwww and you can see dinosaurs	no	12	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	you haf ta you haf ta	no	6	1	trail	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	35	Mother	Mother	there 's a girl in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't they have a name	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	35	Target_Child	Mother	we can have a botbot	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		ball	ball	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there a bouncy ball	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	but Daddy did n't have a hot+dog did he	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not much room in here is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		flower	flower	35	Mother	Mother	because there 's a flower there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ones	one	35	Mother	Mother	there 's three purple ones	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	he do n't he did n't say you do n't haf ta pick those up there	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	35	Target_Child	Mother	I think there 's a bit of in that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	they	they	35	Target_Child	Mother	but they ca n't have our fingers	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I haf ta Daddy turn choose	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		piece	piece	36	Target_Child	Mother	but there 's no more piece	no	6	1	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		people	people	36	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's people coming from everywhere	no not	6	2	declarative	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have your hair long like Mummy 's	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Mrs	Mrs	36	Mother	Target_Child	Mrs Bwww is n't there	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some birthday+cake	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		bees	bee	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no bees in that kitchen or the other kitchen	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't haf ta play outside	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	is that mine	no that one is Mummy and Daddy 's	3	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		house	house	36	Target_Child	Mother	at there 's house	no the Grandma and Grandad are downstairs	4	7	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		bubbles	bubble	36	Target_Child	Mother	but there 's no bubbles here is there	no there 's no bubbles is there	8	7	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		martians	martian	36	Mother	Target_Child	so there are no martians missing now	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	does he not have black and white stripes	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		car	car	36	Mother	Target_Child	why are there a green car there	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy was lying upside+down because there was no room in the bed left for Mummy	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	because with you and Daddy and Jwww in the bed there was no room for Mummy was there	no	18	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		mud	mud	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh there should n't be mud in there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't need ta have mud in it do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	does	do	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	does it not have black and white stripes	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		car	car	36	Mother	Target_Child	why are there a green car there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	because there was no room in the bed left for Mummy	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	there was no room for Mummy was there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	uhhum let 's have a look	no I do n't think that looks right does it	6	10	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anything	anything	36	Mother	Target_Child	was there anything there	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		snow	snow	36	Target_Child	Mother	a is there snow	no there 's no snow	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we did n't have a look at my sunflower	no we did n't have a look at your sunflower either did we	9	13	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have some presents	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	had	have	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	but you had n't had a turn with Daddy yet had you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	Daddy	Daddy	36	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy and you did n't have a Fruitshoot	no we did n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a bath	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	no Christopher does n't have a number does he	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my							36	Target_Child	Mother	but I not a I not a monkey are my	no you 're not a monkey	10	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Target_Child	Mother	that boy does n't have a number does he	no he does n't	9	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		stickers	sticker	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a bit more stickers	no they 're all done	6	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		stickers	sticker	36	Target_Child	Mother	is is there no bit more stickers	no there 's no more stickers to do because you 've done them all	7	14	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		puzzles	puzzle	36	Target_Child	Father	but there 's no six puzzles	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Jwww	Jwww	36	Target_Child	Father	did Jwww had a bouncy+castle	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		jellyfish	jellyfish	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there any jellyfish in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dinosaurs	dinosaur	36	Father	Target_Child	is there any dinosaurs on the farm	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dolphins	dolphin	36	Father	Target_Child	is there any dolphins	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	you	you	36	Target_Child	Father	they ca n't have any clothes on when they go the beach can you	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	did you have an ice+cream at the beach	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	they 're mine	no they 're mine	3	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Investigator	Target_Child	are they mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a kite	no I had a	5	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		butterflies	butterfly	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I think there 's some some butterflies today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		useta	useta	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	these are flowers that it useta have	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	cones	cone	36	Mother	Target_Child	cones do n't have names	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	does does they have does do n't have name	no they do n't have names do they	9	8	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	no they do n't have names do they	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	could	could	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we could n't have a puzzle where there was n't any pieces missing could we	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		leaves	leave	36	Mother	Target_Child	because if there 's leaves all over the place you wo n't be able to do anything will you	no	19	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nobody	nobody	36	Target_Child	Mother	nobody sleeping in your room is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	it	it	36	Target_Child	Mother	did it not have no batteries	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		purple	purple	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there no purple	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		she	she	36	Mother	Target_Child	not smiling there is she	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	have you had any breakfast yet	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's another one in the house	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a botbot	no you just had one	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	and he does n't have stripes does he	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	no boys do n't have trunks do they	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		blue	blue	36	Target_Child	Mother	but there 's another blue	no it 's not blue it 's Baloo	5	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		penny	penny	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a penny there	no that 's not a penny	5	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no that 's Mummy 's	1	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Daddy	Daddy	36	Mother	Target_Child	did Daddy have spaghetti on toast	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	36	Mother	Target_Child	look there 's nothing in her lunchbox is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		lorry	lorry	36	Target_Child	Mother	there was dustbin lorry	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	want to be a big boy and have a cup	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	you I have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to have some noonoos	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have some beetroot	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	have a look	no come here	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a look downstairs and see if he 's in the playroom	no	18	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a crisp	no I will	5	3	question	trail	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you still wan na have some noonoos	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		sunshine	sunshine	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no sunshine is there	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		she	she	36	Target_Child	Mother	Jane was n't there was she	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't like to have broken books do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	36	Target_Child	Mother	but what is there something on your knee	no there 's nothing on my knee	8	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	not	there		lot	lot	36	Mother	Target_Child	not a lot of words that rhyme with table is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	are they in mine	no they 're in Jwww 's bedroom	4	7	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	this is this is has n't got lots of toys in has it	no you 've taken all the toys out have n't you	13	11	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	that one has n't got lots of toys in has it	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little bit that you 're spos ta go in the middle there but I do n't know where that is	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					36	Target_Child	Mother	is that not mine	no that 's Mummy 's	4	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's nothing on it	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a look at that	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	wan	want	36	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a cup of milk	no I not	7	3	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta cry do you	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Father	do n't haf ta cry	no that 's silly to cry int it	5	8	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	so did you not have your Weetabix this morning	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a lie down	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you do n't haf ta worry about that	no that 's fine	8	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Mummy to go and have a look	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	someone	someone	36	Target_Child	Father	but someone did n't have wa somebody someone did n't have milk	no	12	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	someone	someone	36	Target_Child	Father	someone did n't have milk	no	5	1	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	36	Father	Target_Child	what did they have then	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		tail	tail	36	Father	Target_Child	because look there 's his tail	no that is n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't have very much time today did we	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	and I wo n't have having t+shirt on have will I	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my	not					36	Target_Child	Mother	I not are my	no you 're not	4	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		Lucy	Lucy	36	Target_Child	Mother	a what is that is there all are there two Lucy and the and green doors	no	16	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	we 're not gon ta have our tea	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of stories	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go and have a look	no I want I wan na do the shelves	7	9	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do n't haf ta open your windows do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did n't have a very good week last week did you	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	does that mean you do n't haf ta do it	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	poor Spot will have nothing to eat now will he	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	I thought you had at least one puzzle where there was n't a piece missing	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some of Joe 's birthday cake	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't haf ta off do I	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	36	Mother	Target_Child	no there 's nothing in there is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't haf ta color them in do you	no when you 're writing you haf ta follow them	10	10	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nothing	nothing	37	Mother	Target_Child	is there nothing left to color in	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	i	37	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't have chicken+pox did I	no you had chicken+pox last year	7	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh we ca n't have that can we	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	not have chicken and chips	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta color that in do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	37	Target_Child	Father	do n't haf ta color his do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta do the ribbons	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		painting	painting	37	Mother	Target_Child	there was no painting today	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		animal	animal	37	Mother	Target_Child	that 's right because there is n't an animal that begins with x is there	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Fraser	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	have you	no not today darling	2	4	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a good time at the park	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	then you have water and round	no thank you	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	you have some doo doo and we 'll go and have a look huh	no I 'm not	14	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	we 're gon ta go and have some breakfast	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	Mama	mama	24	Mother	Target_Child	Mama 'll have them in a bag because you because Awww 's been a good girl so Mama 's going to give you some nice socks	no	26	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	Eleanor are you having this dinner	no you just sit	6	4	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	and have some milk	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	having your medicine	no I do n't wan na	3	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	I 'll have two eyes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let Mama have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor how many feet do you have how many feet do you have	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	let 's go have some breakfast	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	let 's have a look Mummy	no thank you	6	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you not have	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	if you have a look under the towel there 's a couple under the towel	no there 's your towel darling over there	15	8	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Father	Target_Child	did you have your supper	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	let 's go and have some medicine	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	24	Father	Target_Child	shall we have a look out the window	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll go and have a look on the radiator see if they 're there	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Target_Child	Mother	you have a look	no Eleanor have a look darling	4	6	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		been	be	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Mama 's been had her breakfast and Mama does n't want any toast	no there 's some toast	13	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Father	let me have it	no you carry it up	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	24	Father	Target_Child	er could I have the blue one please	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Winnie	Winnie	24	Father	Target_Child	there 's Winnie the Pooh	no the Rob	5	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mama	mama	24	Mother	Target_Child	Mama have a party bag please	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cow	cow	24	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a cow	no that 's not a cow darling	4	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to have a bath today	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	would you not like to have a bath	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Father	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hat	hat	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a party hat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have half a sugar in my latte	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	first have a yoghurt and then you can doll comb doll 's hair not dolly 's	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Target_Child	have a look see if you can	no I want my own book here	7	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Builder	Builder	24	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Bob Builder over there	no we 'll do that tomorrow darling not now	6	9	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Father	Child	lets have a look	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	24	Child	Father	we 'll just have a look if it 's a open	no no	11	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		paper	paper	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's paper there darling	no that 's my paper	5	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have your medicine darling	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Pilchard 's going Pilchard 's gon ta have a rest	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	24	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	Pilchard 's going Pilchard 's going to have a rest	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	could I have another latte please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Target_Child	Mother	shall we have soup	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		rabbit	rabbit	25	Target_Child	Mother	there 's rabbit	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	so have a look	no you have a look	4	5	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Investigator	Target_Child	Eleanor can you see oh do you not want the crab to have any feet	no	15	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	what did Eleanor did you have kebob for lunch at school today	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have fish+fingers for lunch	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	what did you have darling	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	might	might	she	she	26	Investigator	Mother	she might not have the strength	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	gon ta have something to do with it	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	sheep	sheep	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	ba ba black sheep have you any wool	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my latte	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a biscuit please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	Eleanor did you have egg for breakfast	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	did you ha did you have egg and toast today	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a piece of bread then	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I have a sandwich then please	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I have swing	no you do n't have a swing	3	7	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you have a slide	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	could I have one please	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy can I have the money	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na come and have a look	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Father	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	no you 're having your breakfast	no I not	6	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have papadums	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't have ice+cream	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my							27	Target_Child	Target_Child	you 're my	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a look at glue	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	can I have sweeteners	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	because you had you did n't have sandwiches on Wednesday did you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	28	Father	Target_Child	there 's a good girl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some chicken curry today	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	let me have a look at your nose darling	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	could I have some macaroni cheese please	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	have it on your plate	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	can I have cornflakes	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							28	Father	Target_Child	that 's your	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Father	Target_Child	have some more toast	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Father	have you it	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Father	Target_Child	can I have some dog+food please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you can have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I have salt and pepper	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Father	Target_Child	have this one	no that one	3	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	should	should	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you should n't have salt should you	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	can I have them on	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	we wan na have a dance	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a bite	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		milk	milk	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some milk in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	we	we	29	Target_Child	Mother	we have n't had noodles today	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well you come and have something to eat and then we 'll do that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have the lamp	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	can I have one of those	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I having a Barbie doll	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	could I have some naan	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you having a good day	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a look at her	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		magnet	magnet	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's your magnet on the	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	30	Target_Child	Mother	she can have a go of mines	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	turn round and have a look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have salt and pepper	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have a rest	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you come and have a look at this nappie	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having your milk	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have some later on with for your dinner	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you having another rest	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							30	Target_Child	Target_Child	her	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I having bracelets on	no no no no	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a hug please	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some more	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Minnie	Minnie	30	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Minnie mouse	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta morning room	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	have some milk	no you can have your breakfast soon	3	7	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	no you can have your breakfast soon	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	because you have no the television is not working	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		ice+creams	ice+cream	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no ice+creams	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	could I have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	ca n't have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had your dinner	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	okay have this and Mama	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	have we	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Father	Father	can I have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	can I have balloon	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Father	did you have a sleep today	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Father	have a look at Pilchard 's eyes	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't you do n't have very much concentration do you	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one as well	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Father	Target_Child	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	I just gon ta have a I just going to close my eyes and go to sleep	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one pillow	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bear	bear	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a big bear coming to growl at me	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bits	bit	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that might go in there where the sun is because look there 's bits of the sun	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a big kiss	no no	6	2	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look if	no	6	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 've just had some	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you have Weetabix today because you had Ready break yesterday	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	but I wan na have a look at them	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		seat	seat	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's your nice seat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a m some milk	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the book as well	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na have the blank	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	32	Target_Child	Mother	there 's still a bit left	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	friends	friend	32	Mother	Target_Child	are your friends having a picnic	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		darling	darling	32	Mother	Target_Child	there is darling	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	have your children are all your children having a rest	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							32	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy that 's yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		elephants	elephant	32	Mother	Target_Child	is there three elephants there darling	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you can have this one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Mummy	Mummy	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	uh uh and there there 's Mummy again	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	dog	dog	32	Target_Child	Father	dog 's not having ice pop	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have er a little bit of potato waffle as well if you 're	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you have potato waffles	no I do n't want a potato waffle	5	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	may I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	Dada	Dada	33	Mother	Target_Child	Dada ca n't have any of your potato waffle	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you can just have this potato waffle like that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I wish I could have some	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	nobody else can have our house can they	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have er little bit of potato waffle as well if you 're going to have mushrooms	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you have potato waffles	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	Dadda	Dadda	33	Mother	Target_Child	Dadda ca n't have any of your potato waffle	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have the red one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	you do n't have a	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	he	he	33	Target_Child	Father	he not having a biscuit because he touched the picnic mat	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		milk	milk	33	Father	Target_Child	is there any milk	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		elephant	elephant	33	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's an elephant in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Danny	Danny	33	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's Danny	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm have this for my lunch	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Target_Child	let 's have a rest first	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice sleep	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		sandwiches	sandwich	34	Father	Target_Child	I think there might be some sandwiches or some biscuits in there I think	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	34	Father	Target_Child	I 'm having a lie in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you have n't had dinner have you	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Father	you haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	34	Target_Child	Mother	can we have prawn crisp	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	we 're going to have chicken+nuggets on Friday	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	no he said on Friday we 're going to have chicken+nuggets	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss off you as well	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Target_Child	Mother	we haf ta	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	he	he	34	Mother	Mother	he 's not having a yoghurt	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	Awww you ca n't have Eleanor 's yoghurt	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	34	Mother	Target_Child	she 's had a little baby girl	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you have a party	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some strawberry syrup on top	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some bits of yours	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have a book instead	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	you have a book	no no Barbie	4	3	declarative	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you have milk	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you can have milk at the Tafford centre today	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having any milk darling	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	can we have a kiss then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Father	Mother	go and have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I have them Mama	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	could I have some Weetabix	no I got no Weetabix	5	5	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		rainbow	rainbow	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no rainbow	no there is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	and if you talk very loud then he wo n't be able to have a rest will he	no	18	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that pen	no that 's a pencil darling	5	6	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	and then we can have some breakfast	no I do n't want need	7	6	declarative	interruption	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		leg	leg	35	Father	Target_Child	there 's my poorly leg	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Father	Father	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	35	Father	Target_Child	I 'll have um orange please	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	Mama	Mama	35	Father	Target_Child	Mama might have some	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		knife	knife	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a knife	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	after this you 're going to have your milk in a glass	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	did you have a nice sleep today	no	7	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	do we have a number ten or not	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	I thought you were having those other ones	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	he	he	35	Father	Target_Child	he has n't has he	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		stickers	sticker	35	Father	Target_Child	there 's no stickers here darling	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you have a rest here with Mama and we 'll read a book	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	just pretend have a coffee	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a rest now with your book	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have a mocha	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	and we 'll have a rest	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	35	Mother	Target_Child	would is there anything else you would like to do on your birthday	no	13	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you have some grapes	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice sleep	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm gon ta have red	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		swings	swing	36	Mother	Mother	was there any swings there	no	5	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		slide	slide	36	Mother	Target_Child	there was no slide at the park	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		seesaw	seesaw	36	Mother	Target_Child	was there a seesaw	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		lorry	lorry	36	Target_Child	Mother	because there was a lorry	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	what did you have	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	you haf ta have something	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm not gon ta have an easter am I	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		seats	seat	36	Father	Father	because there 's three seats	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	36	Target_Child	Father	you ca n't have any clothes on when you have a bath	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Grandfather	Father	you can have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	are you not going to have all our birthdays at home	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							36	Mother	Target_Child	are yours	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	well now you have that book please the little homes book	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my shoes back	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	I know what to have	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my shoes back	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	would you not like to have some lunch	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a rest	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have another try	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I had a go	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	could you have a look for me	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		food	food	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's no food there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you have a nice time with Hwww	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you have a good sleep pumpkin	no	6	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		frost	frost	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there frost outside today	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	have we	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have your yoghurt first	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have a yoghurt then have a Mini milk	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	did you will you like to have another milkshake in your pack lunch on Friday	no	15	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	anybody	anybody	36	Mother	Target_Child	does anybody else have a milkshake	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	i	36	Target_Child	Father	when I was a baby I did n't have this did I	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	has	have	he	he	36	Mother	Mother	has he not had his breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	he can have a bath with his clothes on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	teachers	teacher	36	Mother	Target_Child	did the teachers have some	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come and have a look	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have an ice+cream	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Olivias	Olivias	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there two Olivias	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Eleanors	Eleanor	36	Investigator	Mother	is there two Eleanors	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some of your chicken+nuggets	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a hug Eleanor	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you had your strawberry tart yet	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have your strawberry tart then	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	Alfie 's just going to have some lunch is n't she	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having a tea+party	no I not	7	3	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	what I 'm having	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	having your breakfast	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	octagon	octagon	36	Mother	Mother	how many sides does an octagon have	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	have some dodo	no	3	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	did you have was it er was it nice weather when you were there	no	14	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	have some dudu	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no no	5	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you have a bite	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Hook	Hook	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Captain Hook	no he be he 's a bit sharp so he 'll hurt you	4	13	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sun	sun	36	Mother	Mother	there 's a sun	no we 're going to do it on the paper here	4	11	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a blackboard at school	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		animal	animal	36	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a animal in our door	no you have a look at your blackboard because look what 's happened to your teddy	7	16	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	elephant	elephant	36	Mother	Target_Child	the elephant can have some pears	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		noises	noise	36	Father	Target_Child	there 's some funny noises is n't there	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	she	she	36	Father	Father	she has n't has she	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Father	Target_Child	can I have a look at these recipes with you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	do you like having dogs sitting on your head	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	do you like having dogs sitting on your nose	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can he have tomato soup and spaghetti	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any bread in today	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have cheese	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have cornflakes	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	did you did you have white veins	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	can we have poo	no you ca n't because it 's all	4	8	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	oh you could have had some melon today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		ones	one	36	Investigator	Target_Child	can you remember what other ones there are	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going can I have a kiss monkey	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	monkey	monkey	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh well ch well if you 're busy monkey can have your nuggets	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		dog	dog	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a dog	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bed	bed	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's her bed	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	I was gon ta have a bath	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you had a bath the swimming pool did n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	Hannah said she wants to have a lie down and a rest with her teddy and	no	16	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	she does n't like having her nappie changed does she	no	10	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							36	Father	Target_Child	it 's your do you know what type of bird it is	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have er cake and custard	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do haf ta have a cardigan and some socks	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have that	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							36	Target_Child	Father	am I like yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look because you know what 's going to happen today	no	14	1	question	question	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lines	line	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't need ta draw lines because there 's lines there already for you	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	children	child	36	Mother	Target_Child	what did the other children have for their	no	8	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	did they have chocolate	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that pencil	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		seat	seat	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	now there 's your seat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you have some water	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	has he had his breakfast	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	dinosaur	dinosaur	36	Mother	Target_Child	has dinosaur had his breakfast	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	I wan na have some glue	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did n't you have cheese today	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have a look what time he 's coming on	no	11	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a yoghurt today	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	everyone	everyone	36	Mother	Target_Child	so did everyone else have some	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I just had that yesterday	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	what so you only had carrots for your lunch	no	9	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		lid	lid	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no lid for that	no	6	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you do n't have lid	no	5	1	self	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	do n't have lids for cups do we	no	8	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have um Pot noodle today	no	7	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta hold your teacher 's hand do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	feel better after you have some medicine	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	do they have cherry tomatoes	no	5	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you have it like this because	no	6	1	interruption	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	you can you can have it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		pictures	picture	36	Father	Target_Child	there are pictures of Africa	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Target_Child	I 'm just gon ta have my tea	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		face	face	36	Father	Target_Child	there 's a round face	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	MPI-EVA-Manchester Eleanor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a look at Noahs Ark	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice sleep	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you have a little book about the wind in the forest do n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	are you having a ride on Dobbin	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	when you went to Jake 's house last night he had a lot of tractors did n't he	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's just have a wipe because your hands are a bit sticky are n't they	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to go and get your tractor and farm animals and we 'll have a look and see what 's happening on the farm today	no	27	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little bit of chicken and a bake from last night	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nobody in is there	no no no no	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	and we had some grapes this morning did n't we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	and you had a yoghurt	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Thomas	Thomas	24	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas has two spoons	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you usually have them with milk	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is Thomas going to have a sleep after lunch today	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	if you do n't have a sleep after lunch you have an early tea tonight	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	and you had toast this morning	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	it 's quite noisy having breakfast is n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	Sue	Sue	24	Mother	Mother	and the other Sue does n't have any dogs but she has a pussy+cat called Smokey	no no do n't throw anything at the light	16	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	last year your Easter eggs because you were a lot younger and did n't have a lot of chocolate	no	19	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Bear	Bear	24	Mother	Target_Child	P B Bear had a hat and a scarf in the story this morning	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		ponds	pond	24	Mother	Target_Child	well there are three duck ponds are n't there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	no you ca n't have chocolate Thomas	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mine	mine	24	Mother	Target_Child	right mine can have a cup of tea Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		wo	will	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	bye bye have a nice time wo n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	teddy+bears	teddy+bears	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think all the teddy+bears have enough to eat and drink	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		teddy+bears	teddy+bears	24	Mother	Target_Child	are there some teddy+bears on the coat	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	ducks	duck	24	Mother	Target_Child	are the ducks having a swim	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any toy fish have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you can have some more grapes	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		grapes	grape	25	Mother	Target_Child	there are some more grapes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	they	they	25	Mother	Target_Child	are they having a big hug	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	or you 're going to just have a little sleep	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	are you going to have a ride on Dobbin	no	9	1	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have a plaster	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 're just having a quick lie down	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing else in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you were having a lie down	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	why do n't you have a piece of lettuce	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		chocolate	chocolate	25	Mother	Target_Child	but there is n't any chocolate	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	then you can have a look at the hat	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let Mummy just pour herself a cup of tea and then we 'll sit down together and have a look at them	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cows	cow	25	Mother	Target_Child	are there some cows	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		mess	mess	25	Mother	Target_Child	there is a mess because you 've thrown everything on the floor have n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh can I have a cuddle	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have a little sleep	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at the box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Thomas	Thomas	25	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas just have a look at this red digger outside	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice time this morning at the playgroup	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		lots	lot	25	Mother	Target_Child	there were lots of little girls there this morning were n't there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	she 's going back to have another look at the lorry	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you had some orange juice at breakfast	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we had a nice big meal last night did n't we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	Granddad	Granddad	25	Mother	Target_Child	will Granddad haf ta have a trip in his car	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and even if we had you do n't have crisps at breakfast	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	the trouble is you do n't have a sleep at lunch+time everyday do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time we had a wash now do n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	now you 've got to have your hands washed because you 've stroked Purdie	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think the red box eh the green box has a lid does it	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	it 's time you had a drink of milk actually	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	so Mummy has got to go and have her hair done later on has n't she	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		tune	tune	25	Mother	Target_Child	there should be a tune	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you want Mummy to have another sleep	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	because you 've had a very busy day have n't you	no you must n't touch that	11	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		roses	rose	25	Mother	Target_Child	we saw some flowers and there were some beautiful roses growing were n't there	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	and we had a drink of milk	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time you had your nappie changed	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 've a lot to say have n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	what about having your hands washed	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think you can have some plain water actually	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		mess	mess	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there a mess	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		chocolate	chocolate	25	Mother	Mother	there 's no more chocolate	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	that had some sweets in it did n't it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	well we seem to always have cheese a lunch+time do n't we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	has he had enough	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice time at the playgroup this morning	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we had the musical instruments out at the playgroup did n't we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		football	football	25	Mother	Mother	there was n't a blue football was there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	well if you have some more	no	6	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you had grapes at breakfast already have n't you	no no	9	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	and then if you do n't we can have it at teatime ca n't we	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	and in the Summer you haf ta have a lot to drink	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		eggs	egg	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no eggs in it today are there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	25	Mother	Target_Child	Dipsy 's hat has a flat piece at the bottom does n't it	no no	13	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't want you having the scissors do we	no no snip snips	10	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	she was in the truck before you had some milk	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and earlier on you were having a lie down in your cot cuddling Po and Mummy took a photograph	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a busy day darling	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	it 's actually Rachel 's birthday today but we had the party yesterday	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Father	Target_Child	have you had a sleep this afternoon	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		anybody	anybody	25	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there 's anybody there Thomas	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and then you had sausage roll for lunch and you got really scruffy	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		men	man	25	Mother	Target_Child	and there were men going up the ladders cleaning the windows outside the baker 's shop were n't there	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and then you had a drink of juice and a biscuit did n't you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		flowers	flower	25	Mother	Target_Child	and there 're some more pink flowers here and there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		dandelions	dandelion	25	Mother	Target_Child	and there 're some dandelions as well	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice sleep	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	and as soon as we 've got you dressed we can have some breakfast	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy has the Teletubbies on a c d rom does n't he	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	and when we went to see the doctor he had a computer did n't he	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	've	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 've eaten all the cornflakes up but you 've really not had a lot of toast	no no no no no	17	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	anyway you 've still got to have your teeth brushed have n't you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	we 're going to see your friends and have a play	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	25	Mother	Target_Child	and Mummy has a nice cup of coffee	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	and while Daddy has gone out in the car we 're having a drink and a biscuit are n't we	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think when we 've had our drink and our biscuits you need changing	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh you had suntan cream on did n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	25	Mother	Mother	when you 're in the bath we have rubber bath mats so you do n't slip	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	Po	Po	25	Mother	Target_Child	has Po had a busy day like you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		sandwiches	sandwich	25	Mother	Target_Child	and there was some sandwiches	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		sandwiches	sandwich	25	Mother	Target_Child	and there was some sandwiches made of white bread	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you had yoghurt at Bethany 's house did n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	I better go out and have a look	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	if she walks through the door and you have a look at her bag to see if she has brought you any chocolate	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's not have wipes all over the place	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some toast	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	but you ca n't have the video on now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	BBC	BBC	26	Mother	Target_Child	but it 's the school children 's half term this week so the BBC does n't have the usual schools 's programmes on does it	no	25	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's really not a lot of room is there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had a wash so you 're clean and you smell nice	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 've only had a few Cornflakes have n't you	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 've had a few Cornflakes but that 's not going to last you today is it	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	Mummy	Mummy	26	Mother	Target_Child	please may Mummy have one of these slices of toast	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have big juice instead	no no no no	7	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	26	Mother	Target_Child	but Daddy has the luxury of having his set up on the stand all the time does n't he	no no no	19	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	26	Mother	Mother	we 've had cheese and pasta sauce	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	26	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have a cuddle now please	no no cuddle	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	well have some more of this first	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		mess	mess	26	Mother	Target_Child	oh is there a mess	no no mess	5	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	has something	no	2	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a go	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		way	way	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no no way you 're going to be drawing	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		nothing	nothing	26	Mother	Mother	there 's no nothing in there anymore is there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	ours	not					26	Mother	Target_Child	not ours is it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have that to put in your train darling	no no no	11	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	and you had lots of juice	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mess	mess	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's quite a mess on the floor is n't there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		Mummy	Mummy	26	Mother	Target_Child	there was Mummy and Daddy and a chair in between us that you and Sarah sat on during the service	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	but then when it came to the meal time you actually had a chair all on your own did n't you	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	26	Mother	Mother	they have chocolate on top	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		man	man	26	Mother	Mother	no there 's no man	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you have a truck with a man driving wearing a yellow hat do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	butterfly	butterfly	26	Mother	Target_Child	the butterfly has some spots	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice afternoon	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		chocolate	chocolate	26	Mother	Target_Child	so one was very badly damaged and then when I looked at the others there was chocolate on one	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	you sat on Daddy 's knee and had some strawberries for tea	no it was n't for tea	12	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	people	people	26	Mother	Target_Child	now all these people driving these machines have different names	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		trucks	truck	26	Mother	Target_Child	no trucks today outside are there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	has the police fire+engine	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	Mummy	Mummy	26	Mother	Target_Child	please may Mummy have one	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough of the water	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	it 's time to have your nappie changed	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you 've no shoes on have you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		bang	bang	26	Mother	Mother	there was a bang a bang was n't there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		truck	truck	26	Mother	Target_Child	is there a big truck there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	and then we had the story about the baby who would n't go to bed	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	last year we did n't have as many	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	and then you can have some lunch and then we 'll go out	no no	13	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have that one Thomas	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	I bet he has one do n't you	no no no no	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some breakfast now Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't spilled has it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having any sweets	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		noone	noone	27	Mother	Mother	there 's noone there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you 're not having my ear+rings now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		truck	truck	27	Mother	Target_Child	is there a big truck coming	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		weeds	weed	27	Mother	Mother	there 's no more weeds	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough toast	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		rainbow	rainbow	27	Mother	Mother	there is n't a rainbow there is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've already had a little bite out of one of the apples I bought this morning	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have any big ones	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise when Grandma and Granddad come back you 're not going to have a nappie on	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	if you ca n't have if you put it on we ca n't have the sound on	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	and is it better now you 've had some of Granddad 's cream on it	no no no	15	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have your hair cut this time when you went to see Grandma and Granddad did you	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	because I said you did n't have your hair cut	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	well you do n't normally have jam on yours but you asked for jam this morning did n't you	no Nin Nin come	19	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	27	Mother	Target_Child	it did have blue lights on the top though but it was n't moving was it	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Investigator	Target_Child	are you not going to have any	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	27	Investigator	Target_Child	they have big feet	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	we had them on the table did n't we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	did you have an ice cream with Grandma and Granddad	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		cars	car	27	Mother	Target_Child	and there are no cars coming	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		nappies	nappy	27	Mother	Target_Child	there are n't any spare nappies in the nappie bag	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look at this nappie now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	darling you 're having your nappie changed	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	I think we had better wash your hands before we have lunch	no Nin Nin	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	let 's have a quick look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at one of these bees	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					27	Mother	Mother	no cut mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		group	group	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no music group on Friday	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you not like having it changed	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a bit earlier than we normally have our tea but	no	12	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Thomas	Thomas	27	Mother	Target_Child	is there room to sit down Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't usually have fizzy water do we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		apple	apple	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the apple	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	let 's change your nappie and then shall we have some lunch	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	and you did n't have any tea	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have two Smarties	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have a whole packet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	27	Mother	Mother	oh there 's nothing there is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	need	need	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you need n't have move	no Nin Nin	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at these teddy bears	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	well the trouble is Thomas when we go shopping we 'll have Mummy 's bag with us but we wo n't have your bicycle will we	no	26	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	've	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	but you 've not had your breakfast yet	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		water	water	28	Investigator	Mother	well there was not water in there really	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	and have a look at them another day	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	she had all those little pigs	no a money Thomas	6	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		noone	noone	28	Mother	Mother	there 's noone there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 've not really had a lot to eat today have you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	Mummy	Mummy	28	Mother	Target_Child	please may Mummy have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	Mummy	Mummy	28	Mother	Target_Child	please may Mummy have a bite of that Kitkat	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	sit in your chair and then we can have one of these	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		had	have	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	but it had had a bite out of it and you said it looked like a biscuit	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a sleep after lunch	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you 're not having your hair cut	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	it	it	28	Mother	Target_Child	but the ambulance did n't have its lights flashing did it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	going to have a look at Sue and wave at her	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you having a little rest	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	Mummy	Mummy	28	Mother	Target_Child	well could Mummy please just have a piece of toast	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	are you not going to tell them what you 've had for breakfast	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't haf ta wear them does she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nothing	nothing	28	Mother	Target_Child	nothing else to look forward to today is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		triangle	triangle	28	Mother	Mother	there 's a blue triangle	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	28	Mother	Target_Child	he did n't have any more letters for us had he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	the blue car you 've had quite a long time	no a red car open	10	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	28	Mother	Mother	there 's nothing there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	we ca n't have Sooty touching it can we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	now you ca n't have that Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cat	cat	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a pussy cat on	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	but she does n't have them really when they 're quite as young as you	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		somebody	somebody	28	Mother	Target_Child	but there 's somebody very special who you ca n't go to sleep without	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		anybody	anybody	28	Mother	Target_Child	because it 's Tuesday and you know there wo n't be anybody else there	no	14	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		drink	drink	28	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no drink in there is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	28	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else to see or shall we go and change your nappie and have some breakfast	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		squabbling	squabbling	28	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no squabbling	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		buss	buss	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 've got a green bus in your jigsaw but there are n't any green buss in Manchester	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		buss	buss	28	Mother	Target_Child	there might be some green buss in Manchester but not the ones that we take	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you think she has milk on it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	28	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's nobody else in the box	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	28	Investigator	Target_Child	they do n't have a special name do they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		driver	driver	28	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no driver there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have some tea	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have the push chair	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't wan na have tummy ache do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	having your hair cut	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	let Mummy have your cup and plate to wash up	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lot	lot	28	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't a lot left	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a little sleep after lunch	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh are you having a big stretch	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		bee	bee	29	Mother	Target_Child	was there a bee in your bedroom	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	no you ca n't have	no do n't damage the box	5	6	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you have n't had any yet	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		bus	bus	29	Investigator	Target_Child	there was no bus	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a bit there about my clothes	no no no no no	8	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	and you can have a very small apple	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	when you 've had a bath	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have cheese on toast	no a	6	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	well shall we just have a little piece of apple first	no no no	11	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'm going to put milk on mine and sit and have them	no no no no	14	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you can only have one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		van	van	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a big white van outside Thomas	no see it	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	have you had any of those chocolates yet	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	shall I go and have a look at myself	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mess	mess	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you telling the driver that there 's a real mess and there 's trouble because fell off	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a cuddle please	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	did Grandad cry when he had his hair cut	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		back	back	29	Mother	Mother	there 's no back on that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've ever had potatoes and sandwiches	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		room	room	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no room for the horse really is there now	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	we 've not had a meal like that for a long time have we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Tom	Tom	29	Mother	Target_Child	and Tom had a drink and he said there was n't enough for Pippo did n't he	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh dear shall we have a cuddle	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some pasta	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it now please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		money	money	29	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no money behind the rocking chair	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my	not					29	Investigator	Target_Child	that 's not my	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you sure you 've had plenty to eat	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		smash	smash	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh well I hope there is n't a big smash	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		digger	digger	29	Mother	Target_Child	there is no digger or mixer to watch at the moment is there	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	because you 're going to have your	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	29	Mother	Target_Child	she perhaps does n't like working when there are people here	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	29	Mother	Target_Child	and apart from Grandma and Granddad there are people at the other side and people above us and people beneath us	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	well if you did n't enjoy it we 'll go back to having baths tomorrow shall we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	been		there		mixers	mixer	29	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't see them this morning but there 've been two mixers and some diggers	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	29	Mother	Target_Child	to check there 's nothing nasty in the pool before we go in	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	if I say we 're having a lovely cuddle	no	9	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you 're having a lovely cuddle you 're having a lovely cuddle	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some more crisps	no thank you	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nobody	nobody	30	Mother	Mother	is there nobody in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	did the man let you have a ride on it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	somebody	somebody	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you think somebody in the car would have a poorly knee	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 've not long had your tea	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's first just have another look up there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have palm trees at home do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	it has not it has not gone dark yet has it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	30	Mother	Mother	you must n't bang the doors because there are other people next door and downstairs and they wo n't wan na listen to banging will they	no	26	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	we 're going to have another look at Daddy 's birthday cards	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		plenty	plenty	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 're plenty on the floor that need picking up as well	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Thomas	Thomas	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some orange juice here Thomas	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you have a little look at the books while I run some water	no no	13	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		had	have	you	you	30	Father	Mother	I thought you had had your bath	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta watch it Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	well you had a quick shower before dinner so you 're not really dirty now are you	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Dimitra	Dimitra	30	Mother	Target_Child	what Dimitra have	no watch it	3	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Mother	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mess	mess	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a big mess is n't there	no it a come	8	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little break	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you had sandwiches at lunchtime	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	can	can	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	can she not have a red saucer	no no no	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 've not had a sleep today have you	no no no	9	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	so you 're going to haf ta practise singing happy birthday to him	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a little bit more please	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were	no	there		diggers	digger	30	Mother	Mother	oh there were no diggers and mixers	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		birthday	birthday	30	Mother	Target_Child	there was no happy birthday today was there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have some lunch	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	nobody	nobody	30	Mother	Target_Child	that nobody had a birthday at toddler group this morning	no no no birthday	10	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	no we 've seen Jo and Becky today but she did n't have Sooty the dog with her did she	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some more sausage roll Thomas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough of this Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not sure or you mean yes you 've had enough	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fireman	fireman	30	Mother	Mother	there 's the little fireman	no it 's the policeman from your police car	5	9	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	because they 've been eating crisps and not had a wash	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a piece of toast Thomas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat at breakfast	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		sound	sound	30	Mother	Target_Child	is there no sound	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think Mummy had better have that do n't you	no no no	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	engine	engine	30	Mother	Target_Child	well I hope the fire engine the police car and the ambulance do n't haf ta chase after us because we 've had an accident	no	25	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we had lunch and we all played outside did n't we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we 've no time to do anymore today	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll have a big bite out of that Thomas	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you only to do these two	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	Mummy	Mummy	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall Mummy have the box in the kitchen	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pencils	pencil	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's all these pencils	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	tell me what you had for lunch today at Sonia 's house	no no	12	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		selection	selection	30	Mother	Target_Child	because there really was n't a good selection was there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice day with your Mummy so far	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think he has had a nice day	no no kiss	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		firemen	firemen	30	Mother	Target_Child	there are the firemen and the fire engine	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you any wool	no there	4	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	Fred	Fred	30	Mother	Target_Child	well do you think Fred has had a busy day at work	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you have a sandwich	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you have something else to eat	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have some more sandwiches	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have some more crisps	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing on the back page is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had enough	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		light	light	30	Mother	Target_Child	is there a red light	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	so we start off with you having Krispies and Mummy having Cornflakes	no no no	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	did he have a blanket in his hand	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	because we do n't have a chip pan do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	did he have jam on his face	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	what did he have on his face	no no no	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		toast	toast	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some toast for you	no want that	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	but then I very often have another in the morning as well	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have Thomas	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		breakfast	breakfast	30	Investigator	Target_Child	ah there is no breakfast at the table yet is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		wasp	wasp	30	Mother	Target_Child	but there is a wasp on there or or perhaps	no no	10	2	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		picture	picture	30	Mother	Target_Child	you 've actually pointed to the letter a and said apple and there is n't a picture of an apple there is there	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little break	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to sit on Mummy 's knee and have a drink of milk	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a sleep	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	and if we look after them then we 're going to have them a long time are n't we	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have the pumpkin candle lit at tea again	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh she has a big bag with her Thomas	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	and then we can have some lunch because we 're really late today are n't we	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	does she have Ribena	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh did he have teeth	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	but we 've no Tinky Winky have we	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	you 've really had enough	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		driver	driver	30	Mother	Mother	there 's no driver	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	well Mummy 's going to have some	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	ah well I 've just gone to see if we can have a cup of tea	no no	16	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		anything	anything	31	Mother	Target_Child	are there anything else you would like from the shop	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Thomas	Thomas	31	Mother	Mother	now is there anything else you want from the shop Thomas	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 've we 've money to get in the bank have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 're having a look at these things	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing really for him to do in spring apart from perhaps	no	13	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	31	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's nothing for him to do in the summer	no no no no	11	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at these books	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a break	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		food	food	31	Investigator	Target_Child	is there no food for Purdie	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have any snipsnips	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are you having fun	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a quick nappie change and then we can have something to eat	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll haf ta start having porridge again now it 's getting colder Thomas	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a look at the packet certainly	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have some lunch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	it 's having a wash now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some banana	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dog	dog	31	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't a dog on the jigsaw puzzle	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	31	Investigator	Target_Child	it does n't have an amber one does it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		driver	driver	31	Investigator	Target_Child	is there no driver	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		driver	driver	31	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no driver	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		tracks	track	31	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no train tracks anymore	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dustbin	dustbin	31	Mother	Mother	there is n't a dustbin on Rachael 's car	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	Po	Po	31	Mother	Target_Child	Po has had a drink of cola	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to have some cereal Thomas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a piece of toast this morning	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		times	time	31	Mother	Target_Child	there might be times that Mummy gets cross with you	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let me have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	if you 're pretending to be an elephant I hope you do n't wan na sit on my knee to have your milk	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it was time we had lunch now do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some more sausage	no thank you	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	's	Mummy	Mummy	31	Mother	Target_Child	well Mummy 's having her lunch Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 've got to have lunch because	no no no	7	3	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	what do you mean have a guess one	no a Jess	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	I think it 's time now that Postman Pat came had a change and had something to eat and drink do n't you	no no thank you	23	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	Postman Pat has ta have a little break every now and again	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	well you 'll be hungry if you do n't have breakfast	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	well you had a long sleep did n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	Postman Pat has ta have a break	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		letters	letter	31	Mother	Target_Child	there are some more letters	no a silly boy	5	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh if you 're going to have a paddy that 's is n't it	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're having breakfast now	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	have a little bit more cereal first please	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have that box yet Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't got sugar has it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	no have a more	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		things	thing	31	Mother	Target_Child	I would have thought there would be things like oranges in Sam 's mobile shop	no have a	15	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	31	Investigator	Target_Child	oh so we do n't have any Smarties after all	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Investigator	Target_Child	shall we have those instead	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	are we not going to have that picnic	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	31	Investigator	Target_Child	shall I have the green one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you can still look at them while you 're having a change	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lot	lot	31	Mother	Target_Child	there are a lot of whistles there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a little bit more sausage roll	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a big one please	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	31	Mother	Mother	because there 's a lot of letters in here	no	9	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	is the elephant going to have one	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a chocolate please	no we do n't need the tray	4	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's just have a look at this little book	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	are you having a nice lunch	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	ah could I have a kiss please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 've never had some of this before	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	31	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else you need	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		sound	sound	31	Mother	Target_Child	the television 's on but there 's no sound is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at this	no no no	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice night 's sleep	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	well you ca n't have	no no	5	2	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a Gordon	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	so shall we have another look at this	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at these clocks	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Target_Child	Mother	it mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have these Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fire	fire	31	Mother	Target_Child	if there 's a fire the fireman 's going to haf ta put the ho the fires out in these houses	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you 're very loaded up Thomas there are n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		picture	picture	31	Mother	Target_Child	is there a picture of some butter Thomas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	and have cola	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	has	have	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	she has still not had anything Thomas	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		boy	boy	32	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's a little boy at music group called Sam but he was n't there this morning was he	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	32	Investigator	Target_Child	are you having a cold drink	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	a pussy having a biscuit	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		letters	letter	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there are some letters for Purdie because it 's her birthday	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have a little break because it 's very very noisy when you 're playing with your train and digger on the window Ledge is n't it	no	30	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	've	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 've not had it yet	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some toast now Thomas	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 'll have a nice day with Grandma and Grandad do n't you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	the new ones do n't have anything do they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	are you having a nice time	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		church	church	32	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't a church on that page is there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	these have been opened and you have the envelopes	no not need that	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	have a little piece of toast	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	oh is Thomas going to have it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		boy	boy	32	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a gingerbread boy in the oven	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some pasta with us Thomas	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Investigator	Target_Child	you 'd like to have a look at it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	and then we 'll have a wash	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice time at Linda 's	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	what happened to the batterys that you had this morning	no no flash	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		eyelash	eyelash	32	Mother	Target_Child	let me just check that there 's not an eyelash gone in	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have a little break in a moment and have some breakfast I think	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	shall we just open that parcel and have a look in that	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	let 's come and have a talk about what he brought you	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	have another one	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice day so far	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	32	Mother	Father	because we I must confess we 've had one before our breakfast	no thank you	12	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	having chocolate now	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	we have n't any red bits like that have we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	because we did n't have any left did we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	so you can have a milky drink before bed	no stop it	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	this tastes nice because we 've not had them for a while have we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some toast now	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	please have a chocolate orange	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't see the birds coming in here and having your jam sandwiches do you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	not have my food	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	well you 've had some little satsumas and grapes but you 've not really been bothered about apples have you	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	have a lot of bread	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	Mummy	Mummy	32	Mother	Target_Child	oh Mummy 's having some	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	32	Mother	Mother	there 's nobody there	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I just have that please a second	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but I was saying the other day we 've not had porridge for a long time have we	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	had	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we were saying the other day that we had not had porridge for a long long time had we	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have it back now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	please have a little bit of toast Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 've no brown grapes Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 've got to sort through them before you have them	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you not going to have another sandwich darling	no open it	9	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		bears	bear	33	Mother	Target_Child	there are n't any big bears behind the trees are there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you can have it very quiet or	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nobody	nobody	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there nobody there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't haf ta have a drink do we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have a go on this one	no no no no no	6	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	we	we	33	Mother	Mother	well we ca n't have the sound on again Thomas	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		times	time	33	Mother	Target_Child	there are times when you must be	no	7	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		times	time	33	Mother	Target_Child	there are times	no	3	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		must	must	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you must have something because	no no no	5	3	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	well if you tried it and you liked it you could have it on some toast or some bread	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there something else you 'd like	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		point	point	33	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no point going out to get wet is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have your hands washed	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		chocolate	chocolate	33	Mother	Mother	oh there 's no chocolate in fourteen either	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	but now we 're going to have a bite to eat	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	33	Mother	Target_Child	and I do n't think Daddy has Coca Cola for breakfast	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		trouble	trouble	33	Mother	Target_Child	do n't roll it because if the lid comes off and the juice spills there 'll be trouble wo n't there	no	21	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	you 're not having anything else to drink yet	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	and see how many we have	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Investigator	Target_Child	shall I can I have the eggs then	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		alarm	alarm	33	Mother	Mother	well there 's a burglar alarm right up there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	I know you 're a fireman but I 'm to have a little look at this	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	listen if we do n't get ready and have lunch quickly we 're not going to Beehive	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh have n't we had a funny day today Thomas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a wee on that towel	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	sometimes they have a bit of yellow on them as well do n't they	no no	14	2	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have something to eat Thomas	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		wind	wind	33	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no wind is there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	if you pop them in your mouth and that little black bit at the back comes out and you swallow it it wo n't be like having jelly babies in your tummy	no	32	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	well they 've been here as long as you have Thomas	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have a look at them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		trouble	trouble	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to hit something and then there 'll be trouble wo n't there	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		oughta	oughta	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'm putting it there because I think we oughta have a bite to eat now	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	it 's time we had something to eat	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but then we have n't had a fire like Rachel have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	let 's wipe your hands on this towel and then we can have something to eat	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've had Quavers in a pink packet before have you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh I might have that instead	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	but you do n't haf ta have it all on the plate do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	and you do n't like having your hair washed do you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we have n't really had any snow have we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but shall we just have some water	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		bears	bear	33	Mother	Target_Child	are there big bears in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	ours							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's it 's ours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		box	box	33	Investigator	Target_Child	well there is n't a Coca Cola box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little break and a drink of milk	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	and you do n't haf ta go and see the dentist quite so often	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	where 's the one that you had at breakfast time	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you eat some more sausage roll and then you can have you drink later	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't have lunch at home yesterday did we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	should	should	I	i	33	Mother	Target_Child	I should n't haf ta remind to say thank you should I	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	snakes do n't have hands do they	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Mother	we 've not had Marmite for days have we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	I	i	33	Mother	Target_Child	oh Thomas if you do n't know what you 're talking about I 've no chance have I	no	18	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	please may I have that chocolate orange	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					33	Target_Child	Mother	not mine this spoon	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but we 've no batterys in it at the moment have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lion	lion	33	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a big lion is n't there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but we 'll just have a quick look now	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything on the baby walker with a star	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a good time	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		balloons	balloon	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there will be balloons	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	but we 're not having potatoes tonight	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bear	bear	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a bear coming from the tree	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		back	back	33	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no back on it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	33	Mother	Target_Child	she did n't have a seat to herself though did she	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					33	Mother	Target_Child	but it 's not yours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's having a poo	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		potatoes	potato	33	Mother	Target_Child	are there any more potatoes anywhere	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bowl	bowl	33	Mother	Mother	there 's the fruit bowl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		problem	problem	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there a problem darling	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	will	will	it	it	33	Mother	Target_Child	this vase wo n't have special flower food in it now will it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fire	fire	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not surprised if there 's a fire on the line	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have some chocolate orange first	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll cut it and half so we each have a piece	no no no wan na have this one	12	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		smoke	smoke	33	Mother	Mother	there is n't any smoke coming out of the chimney	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	you could make it into two trains and then we could each have one to play	no no not that way	16	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		noise	noise	33	Mother	Target_Child	so there 's no big noise is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some lunch now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	have them all	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	has he had enough now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		point	point	33	Mother	Target_Child	because once the fire was out there was no point two engines remaining	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	they 've had a fire in the house have n't they	no no ladders last night	11	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							34	Mother	Mother	that 's your	no	3	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		sign	sign	34	Investigator	Target_Child	there was a traffic sign there	no it away	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh you 've no seats for me	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		room	room	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no room for Mummy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	but if I sweep Purdie all up I wo n't have a pussy cat	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I think what we oughta do now is get our coat on and have a little walk out to see if we can see the bin man	no	28	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm going to have some hummus but you do n't really like hummus do you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		room	room	34	Mother	Target_Child	because if they were there would n't be room for them in your tummy would there	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		sweets	sweet	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I hope you 're not going to complain about being hungry later on because there wo n't be any sweets	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lunch	lunch	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's perfectly nice lunch on the table	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've anything else that 'd fit on your finger	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	please can I have a chocolate cake	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you have that in your shop please	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	oh so the fire fire engine has turned into a post van has it	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		letters	letter	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there are any letters for Sue today Postman Pat	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lady	lady	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember there 's an old lady	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you just had a fright	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you anything for Aunty Mabel today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Purdie	Purdie	34	Mother	Target_Child	Purdie has whiskers	no no	3	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	horse	horse	34	Mother	Mother	the horse and I have had a very very nice conversation this morning	no no	13	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you wo n't have anymore	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it 's time to have a wash and get ready	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Investigator	Target_Child	is that mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	Mummy	Mummy	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do Mummy and Daddy have a camera	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Target_Child	would you like to have a look	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	your	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	your have a sweetie	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		snake	snake	34	Mother	Mother	oh I do n't think there 's a big snake in it	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	if you 're licking your fingers now you 're going to haf ta have your hands washed before you put them back	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	that 's why you 're having Rice Krispies and I 'm having Cornflakes	no it 's not	13	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	Thomas you 're not having any sweets	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	but we 've had a bit of a strange week have n't we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	have some sweets now	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	34	Mother	Target_Child	well really it was the train ticket that Mummy and Grandma uh the coach ticket Mummy and Grandma had	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's something else in this bag I wanted you to look at	no no	13	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ladybird	ladybird	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little ladybird	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	it	it	34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's having a nappie change	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you have that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		babies	baby	34	Mother	Mother	so there 'll be two babies for you to play with	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have a bit of a rest	no not need a rest	6	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you had any mittens on when you went out did you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		men	man	34	Mother	Mother	there were two men working on it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you any letters	no no parcels	4	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have you any parcels	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	and you 've nothing to tell me	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		space	space	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there no more space for you to get through to go into the kitchen	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	34	Mother	Mother	well Purdie and I 're just having a little quiet few moments are n't we	no a quiet few moments means a quiet few moments without having a finger put down your ear thank you	15	20	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	they do n't have any numbers on them	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	I 'll have a quick look but	no	7	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you 've only just had your breakfast Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	they have whiskers do n't they	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	a	a	34	Target_Child	Mother	a have another sweet now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	have my dinner	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sun	sun	35	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't really see today because there is n't enough sun	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		trouble	trouble	35	Mother	Target_Child	there will be trouble	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a lot of water on the patio because a certain young man called Thomas Henry Lastname was tipping the water on the patio was n't he	no	28	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Target_Child	Mother	this is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	and is Thomas going to have a party	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	let 's go and have our breakfast	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	has	have	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	she has not had any breakfast yet has she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		toothbrush	toothbrush	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the toothbrush	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas you always have your teeth brushed after	no no no	8	3	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		problem	problem	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there not a problem	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	I can say I have Thomas	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		Pat	Pat	35	Investigator	Target_Child	are there any more letters for me Postman Pat	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Investigator	Target_Child	is that mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	just have a bite of pear first	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	now elephants do n't have stripes or spots do they	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you going to have some more sausage	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		holes	hole	35	Mother	Target_Child	now what I have realized is that there 's no drainage holes at the bottom of here	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	how about you have a drink of milk	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	corn	corn	35	Mother	Target_Child	but corn does n't have sharp teeth like that does it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	is she getting very upset because she has nothing to wear	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	so we 've got to have an early tea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to have your very own sunflower Thomas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		crocodile	crocodile	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there a crocodile nearby	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	would you like to have a look at my toys	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	MacDonald	MacDonald	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember at toddler group we sang Old MacDonald had a farm	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Investigator	Target_Child	ah are you going to have a look at her and see what 's wrong	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		truck	truck	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think there was a dumper truck as well was n't there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	but you did n't have the postbox there did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some breakfast	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have any breakfast yesterday	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	we 've got this fire engine that you 've had a long time	no no this fire engine	13	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	have Coca Cola please	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	could I have the pen please Thomas	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wish you had a train set	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	just let me have a look please darling	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a kiss now please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy still has it a bit has n't she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	have some sweets	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	you 're not having hula hoops	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		bears	bear	35	Mother	Target_Child	there are polar bears but they do n't live in the jungle do they	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	35	Mother	Target_Child	and did it have a siren or a horn going to tell people it was going backwards	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		picture	picture	35	Mother	Mother	there 's a picture of a proper lorry	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	before you have your lunch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	are	be	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you not having this hot cross bun Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough to eat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		driver	driver	35	Mother	Target_Child	there was no driver	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		baby	baby	35	Mother	Target_Child	and there was a baby asleep in the pram	no wake them up	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some more hula hoops now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	like in the swimming baths you wear a big rubber ring and you have arm bands on	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		be	be	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Mother	I do n't seem to be having a lot of success traveling really today do I	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		instructions	instruction	36	Investigator	Mother	is there instructions	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		key	key	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Thomas I think is there a key	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		cake	cake	36	Mother	Target_Child	there was a cake with three candles and you would n't look at it would you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nothing	nothing	36	Investigator	Target_Child	is there absolutely nothing in	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		letters	letter	36	Investigator	Target_Child	but there are no letters in it either are there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		problem	problem	36	Mother	Target_Child	why was there a problem with your tummy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	and let 's have a look through the book and see if we can find the picture that 's on Purdie 's plate	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	it has not gone the hiccups has it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did it have a crash	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	so do you not have the key for that	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		chocolate	chocolate	36	Investigator	Target_Child	is there any chocolate	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I thought we were going to have a little chat	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to have breakfast now	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	have fizzy drink	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having any sweets	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't got a clock has it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		point	point	36	Mother	Target_Child	but there 's no point having two of the same thing is there	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything we 've missed off from this	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you 've had three polo mints	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	when the dustbin men have gone have another sweetie	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	are you ready now for something to eat now we 've had the excitement of the dustbin men	no no no	18	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some lunch now dustbin man	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	I	36	Mother	Mother	I did n't have an ambulance	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		story	story	36	Mother	Target_Child	I think there 's um a story on Bob The Builder about some hedgehogs in the road because do n't they rescue them Thomas	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	engines	engine	36	Target_Child	Mother	fire engines have some hair or not	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nothing	nothing	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there nothing in it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lot	lot	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think there is quite a lot of tidying up to be done here Thomas	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na get out and have a wee	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not room for another	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have a bite of that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	please I have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's room for rabbit and little bear in that plane	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							36	Target_Child	Mother	more my in this in this teddy bear	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you 're not having any sweets	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	please I have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	please have this helicopter	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	well shall we have a little piece of chocolate egg	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	now did we have tomato sauce	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think Purdie 's enjoying having Ginger staring at her is she	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Lastname	Lastname	36	Mother	Target_Child	well Grandad Lastname has a greenhouse and Grandad Bielbie does n't have a greenhouse does he	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to have water again with our tea	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		lots	lot	36	Mother	Target_Child	there was lots of water all over the place and Firefighter who fell on the floor	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	you can have your little fire engine but not the one that makes the noise	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	if you 're going to have toys everywhere	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we have n't had any blackcurrant juice for awhile have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	36	Mother	Mother	what are we having	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	if you did n't have it at the table and you waited until you finished your meal and you were playing with it on the floor or your little play table it would n't have quite so far to fall would it	no	42	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	please have one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	will	will	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	it 'll break and then you wo n't have a lorry to play with will you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		letters	letter	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Thomas is there any letters for me	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Sam	Sam	36	Mother	Target_Child	does Fireman Sam have a trailer	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	he	he	36	Mother	Mother	he would n't have anything to read would he	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	he would I think he would like to come in really but we ca n't have him in can we	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you had some Diet Coke outside	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		something	something	37	Mother	Target_Child	was there something else	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have a nice time playing	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we count how many cards you had Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							36	Target_Child	Mother	your your have another go	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	have a piece of apple now please	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	Mummy said jelly sweet if you had a piece of apple	no want them	11	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	oh never ever have an accident darling	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you had a Bob the Builder cake this year did n't you	no I eat it all up	12	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Station	Station	37	Target_Child	Mother	Didsbury Station have a sweet	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	cereal	cereal	37	Mother	Target_Child	did you say my cereal has bones in it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		need	need	37	Mother	Mother	your beaker 's empty so there 's no need for you to hold that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							37	Investigator	Target_Child	is it yours	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	boys	boy	37	Investigator	Target_Child	but I thought only big boys had telephones	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we 've not had marmalade for quite a long time have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	37	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a room here	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	37	Target_Child	Mother	there 's room	no Jill Jill and Bethany have moved to Macclesfield and when we 've been to see them we 've gone with Sonia in Sonia 's car have n't we	3	29	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be	no	there		one	one	37	Mother	Target_Child	I could n't go to bangadrumtime because there 'd be no one to go with	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	Grandma	Grandma	37	Mother	Target_Child	Grandma and Granddad would n't haf ta come	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	you can have the lid	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		accident	accident	37	Investigator	Target_Child	is there another accident about to happen	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bridge	bridge	37	Investigator	Mother	maybe it means watch out there 's a bridge	no crossing the line or something	9	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	so I think you 've a little while yet before we need worry about that	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you had one of those in the car did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	please have that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we 've not had flash cards for a long time have we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	we	we	37	Mother	Mother	well we ca n't have anymore	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	did you have lots of people to play with at toddler group	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Mother	do you want him to just ride on his own or do you want him to have any friends	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	is he going on his own or would you like him to have some friends	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	will	will	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise you wo n't have anything to eat will you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		milk	milk	37	Mother	Mother	so there there is n't milk anywhere	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a nice time	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		fire	fire	37	Mother	Target_Child	and there was n't a fire	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					37	Target_Child	Target_Child	it 's not na yours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		truck	truck	37	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little dumper truck in the corner	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		weeds	weed	37	Mother	Target_Child	there are no weeds in your garden are there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		car	car	37	Mother	Target_Child	is there not a police car with the set	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	do you mean it 's better to have the track on the table or just the the little engines run on the table	no	23	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	you ca n't have that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a nice time at Elena 's	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	has somebody told you you ca n't have something	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	he	he	37	Mother	Target_Child	he has n't has he	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	are you having some sausage	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	37	Mother	Target_Child	we went for lunch but Mummy had a big big meal but you did n't seem to have very much	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some bread	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	have a sip of Mummy 's water	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		blackbird	blackbird	37	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a blackbird is there	no there go magpie	6	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		electricity	electricity	37	Mother	Target_Child	there was no electricity was there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		lights	light	37	Mother	Target_Child	we never went back to see if there were green and orange lights did we	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you have these for breakfast	no want Honey Nut Loops	5	5	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anyone	anyone	37	Mother	Target_Child	is there anyone there that did n't bang you on the head	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll just have a look at what 's on and we can talk about it	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	well you can have your snake but the telephone has got to go	no no	13	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we 've not had that for a long time have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you ca n't have that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		money	money	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's no more money to deliver	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	it	it	37	Mother	Mother	it has n't has it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have the coaches to go with it	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Thomas	Thomas	37	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a letter for me there Thomas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	37	Mother	Mother	you 've got to help me otherwise there 's nothing in McDonalds	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	let me have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	please can I have it back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					37	Mother	Target_Child	the lorrys are not mine	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll ask Daddy or Uncle Brian to have a look at it later on	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	37	Investigator	Target_Child	can we have another go at the Tweenie stamps	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some Smarties please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	37	Mother	Mother	and then after that we had a meal	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	finish your lunch and then we 'll go and have a word with Brian	no no	14	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	you going to have some fruit this afternoon	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		teeth	tooth	37	Mother	Target_Child	there 's hardly any teeth left on that one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't got any carriages has it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		track	track	37	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't believe that there 's such a large railway track and no houses	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		problem	problem	38	Mother	Target_Child	so there was n't really a problem was there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							38	Target_Child	Mother	not finished mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		problem	problem	38	Mother	Target_Child	is there a problem	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	just had a wash	no you 've not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	38	Mother	Mother	just check there 's nothing in there that should n't be	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	38	Mother	Target_Child	but things like apples and oranges that have big pips in them you do n't eat those	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you have a try	no thank you	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	38	Mother	Mother	you 're not having it back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Mother	let me just have a little look	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na have a go with this one	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	and then I did n't have enough money to buy it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	have you had chocolate money before	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	38	Mother	Mother	and then we 'll have a look at the garage and see what it does	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		attendant	attendant	38	Mother	Mother	or is there a car park attendant or something	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	shall we think about having some breakfast	no we get off	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta hold it but look I 'm just showing you that little white tail	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you have had custard	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no you can do when you finish your breakfast we 'll go and have a play with it	2	18	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		rabbits	rabbit	38	Mother	Target_Child	Once upon a time there were four little rabbits	no no no no no	9	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know whether you remember last year we had strawberries do you	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	please may I have a drink of that	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					38	Mother	Mother	they 're not yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you have apple and pear every day do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	had you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	38	Mother	Mother	so you did n't have apple and pear	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't really have a lot of ice and snow this winter did we	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	we 've not had a lot of snow though have we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		trains	train	39	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no trains coming yet	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		planes	plane	39	Mother	Target_Child	there is planes to London from here are n't there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lights	light	39	Mother	Mother	there are flashing lights on	no no no no	5	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		boys	boy	39	Mother	Target_Child	there are n't any naughty boys	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	have a look at that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	38	Mother	Target_Child	he did n't have a good train journey really did he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	who	who	38	Target_Child	Mother	and who else still has a dummy	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that back now please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		shape	shape	39	Mother	Target_Child	now there 's that shape	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Target_Child	Mother	please have jelly	no	3	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	please I have my scissors	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		ducks	duck	39	Mother	Target_Child	and there are no ducks there now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cockerel	cockerel	39	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a cockerel a donkey	no no	6	2	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	please I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	we	we	39	Target_Child	Mother	may we have one may we have one	no no no	8	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	39	Mother	Target_Child	did n't know we had all those sweeties did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anything	anything	39	Mother	Target_Child	was there anything exciting when you looked round there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you have hot chocolate at nursery	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	a my I have one	no I do n't think so Thomas	5	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have	no	4	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	39	Target_Child	Mother	cats do n't have have that have cakes	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you	not					39	Mother	Mother	your not	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	39	Mother	Target_Child	we should n't be having sweets before bed should we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have that in Mummy and Daddy 's room did you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	40	Mother	Target_Child	we could have that in the recycling thing could n't we	no it 's coming back then it 's going recycling	11	10	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see let 's have a look at this properly	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	39	Investigator	Target_Child	and the road and the mountains and we had a wonderful view of all sorts of things	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	39	Mother	Target_Child	they had a McDonalds in Torremolinos	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Investigator	Mother	a man said have a seat and then an ambulance came	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you like having your hair pulled	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		o	o	40	Target_Child	Mother	there is the o	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		one	one	40	Target_Child	Mother	there is this one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		had	have	you	you	40	Mother	Mother	you had almost had it then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	you can have this one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	40	Mother	Target_Child	did it have blue flashing lights	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		messages	message	41	Mother	Target_Child	seeing if there are any messages on your telephone	no no messages	9	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	have a piece of bread while you 're waiting	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Purdie	Purdie	41	Target_Child	Mother	Purdie have some strawberries	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	have some strawberries with me	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		men	man	40	Investigator	Target_Child	so is there any men that go in it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	Thomas do you not do you have a wheelie bin here or not	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	or you could you could have it as a rucksack as well	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	I was wondering if you had have you had a delivery of any sweets	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	why do n't you have a look and just check for me one more time please	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	40	Target_Child	Target_Child	tomorrow we can have two brown ones	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Investigator	Target_Child	are we arresting her for having no hair	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	41	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little break	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have anything to eat and drink today	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	and did you not have anything to eat	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		drink	drink	41	Mother	Target_Child	there 's your drink	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	well we were going to have bacon but we have n't been to the Butchers have we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	come let 's sit on this nice rocking chair and have a cuddle	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at the letters please	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	but um Stephen 's car has n't gone has it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a wee	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	have you had one of these before	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	42	Mother	Target_Child	and we shall have snow	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	have you had your hair washed today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	if I had handcuffs now do you know what I would do	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	42	Target_Child	Mother	can we have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	42	Mother	Target_Child	now shall we have some toast and cheese for lunch	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	can I just have a little look at your tummy to see if you 've got any dotty spottys	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	42	Mother	Target_Child	is there room for somebody on the top	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	42	Mother	Target_Child	so what we can do is after lunch we can have a little walk out	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	have you already had some of these raisins	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Target_Child	Mother	it say have a nice day in pooey street	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	and you can you can have some of mine but do n't eat them all up	no I wo n't	16	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	42	Mother	Mother	well we do n't actually have a chimney	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	let 's sit let 's have a little of snap but not not sort of proper snap	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	if you could let me have those cards	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		room	room	42	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no room up here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	does that mean I can have it back because you have n't got twenty pounds	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Mother	Target_Child	have you anything to tell me	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		fire	fire	42	Mother	Target_Child	and was there a fire	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	42	Mother	Target_Child	she did n't have a nice soft landing like you just had then did she	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		people	people	42	Mother	Target_Child	are you sure there are no people on the train that are hurt	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		flowers	flower	42	Mother	Target_Child	where are there some flowers at the top	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have some candles lit	no I want	6	3	declarative	self	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	two gingerbread men cutters are going to have an accident are they	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	43	Mother	Target_Child	we have those in our garden	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		baby	baby	43	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a baby	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							43	Target_Child	Mother	like mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	and I think we 're going to haf ta finish in a minute	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		station	station	43	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a fire station there	no thank you	6	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	43	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not bothered if Mummy has a crash	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	43	Mother	Target_Child	oh well there 's lots of bricks there	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	can I live in the hotel or would it be more sensible for me have a flat in a block of flats	no	22	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	and tell me what you 've had	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a drink of milk	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have a sweetie when you went outside	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	but did they tell you you could have one at home time	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	but you did n't have one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some milk	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	let 's stop playing this now and go and have a weewee	no no no no	12	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	43	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little break while we wait for the dustbin men	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		somebody	somebody	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's somebody in the house that 's going to shut the door	no	16	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		dog	dog	43	Mother	Target_Child	watch there is is n't a big dog at the other side of the letterbox that 's going to bite your hand when you 're putting things through	no	28	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	43	Mother	Target_Child	and they did n't have any Ribena did they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	but you can have a ickle bite if you like	no it 's fine actually	10	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Investigator	Target_Child	have you any idea where the other snake might be	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's have a little look and see if we can find that in this book	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	is your throat not dry after having a biscuit	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		land	land	44	Investigator	Target_Child	out there 's stupid land	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	just having a little rest are you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	you could have a wall built by the patio and Felix would think what	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy and you know what I 'll have at the top of my cake	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	let me go and have a look and I 'm taking the mix with me because I know you 'll pinch the bowl	no no	23	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that big bowl	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Mother	has it	no no no no	2	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	44	Mother	Target_Child	and is there something special happening at nursery for her	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	she	she	44	Mother	Target_Child	is she having a party	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I have that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	and you have another one	no they 're all the same underneath	5	7	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look at the pencil	no not quite	8	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	well let 's have our breakfast first then we can play	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	please can I have a hula hoop please	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	you had your	no	3	1	self	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		time	time	45	Mother	Mother	there was n't this time was there	no no no	7	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	when you 've got your mouth full of food you 're having a job to breath are you because your nose is so blocked	no do put them in quickly like that Thomas	24	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	now let 's have a look at him and see if we want a blue one	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	let me have a bit of taste	no no no no no no no no no	7	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a beat on the egg	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	let me have a sweetie to put in them	no no	9	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		things	thing	46	Mother	Mother	remember where there was all that art and craft things where Mummy bought some card	no do n't crush it Thomas	15	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Mother	I do n't think I 've ever called the fire brigade out before Thomas for having a flat battery	no thank you	19	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fire	fire	46	Target_Child	Mother	but I need ta because there 's a fire	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I have a little taste because	no no	6	2	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I 'll have a bit	no that 's a fork to whip the eggs up with	5	11	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	have that one later	no that 's Mummy 's	4	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		useta	useta	Nana	Nana	46	Mother	Mother	Nana Bealby useta have a little book and she 'd write down everything she wanted from the shops such as flour and sugar and butter and eggs	no she did n't have eggs because we grew we had our own eggs	27	14	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	46	Target_Child	Mother	because because there 's something I need ta put out	no do n't get down there	10	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy can I have that chocolate	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I 'll have these to dig	no no no no	6	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		station	station	46	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a police station on here that we can put this	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	47	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at some	no you wait there	7	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Mother	Target_Child	right would you are you going to have a piece of bread	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Mother	Target_Child	do I haf ta wear it before I have my scone	no it 's for boys and girls	11	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	you get dressed and you do n't have breakfast	no I just dress get dressed and go some tea shop	9	11	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Target_Child	Mother	now have some more sugar	no do n't just eat the sugar you messpot	5	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	do	do	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you not have high chairs for babies to sit in	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		Doh	Doh	47	Mother	Target_Child	no but was there a black Play Doh	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piece	piece	47	Mother	Target_Child	because I did n't realize there 's a piece of red Play Doh in there as well	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	I have a go now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	48	Mother	Target_Child	it 's worked as quick as that has it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na have a go	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		picture	picture	48	Investigator	Target_Child	but then there 's your there 's a picture of your Mum on there	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a read of one of these Thomas	no I do n't wan na	10	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	48	Mother	Mother	you 're not having any more quavers	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	have you ever had Twiglet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	can I have pudding	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	which one are you going to have	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		quavers	quaver	48	Target_Child	Mother	is there any pink quavers	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ones	one	48	Target_Child	Mother	there 's any pink ones	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	just cause you split it do n't be silly you can have milk	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	have some milk if you want some milk	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	have it for lunch	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		yoghurt	yoghurt	48	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there 's any more yoghurt we 'll haf ta	no	13	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		margarine	margarine	48	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some margarine	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	do	do	snakes	snake	49	Investigator	Target_Child	do snakes not have noses	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	have you no stamps	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	you 're having a few problems with that sign are n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sign	sign	49	Target_Child	Mother	is there a sign saying you just can pull and push	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		customers	customer	49	Mother	Mother	are there any other customers at your shop	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	49	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some rice	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm just gon ta have a snooze	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	please may I have the key	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	because my mum Jean Lastname said I can have lots and lots of sweets	no I did not	14	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	would you haf ta s to pick up all the litter at the side first	no we could go like this at the litter	15	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	did you not haf ta struggle at all	no you just need ta go like this	8	8	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	50	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't haf ta read it	no I do n't want the pictures either	7	8	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	50	Target_Child	Mother	you ca n't have your tea yet	no no I 'm going out for a meal later are n't I	7	13	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Target_Child	Mother	I I wan na I wan na um just have a taste	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Investigator	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	51	Mother	Target_Child	I bet he did n't have a clue what you were talking about did he	no	15	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	haf	haf	51	Target_Child	Mother	will haf ta have a stale block	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pot	pot	51	Mother	Mother	there 's another pot is n't there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have tidy up time	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Mother	Target_Child	and I usually have three buttons down the front	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Target_Child	Mother	just have a little no a little one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Lastname	Lastname	51	Target_Child	Mother	is there is there Thomas Lastname too	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	shirt	shirt	51	Mother	Mother	I noticed that your shirt had both black and blue marks on it	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I had a walking stick	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it 'll have long gone since I had it Thomas	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							51	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							51	Mother	Mother	oh is this little mine	no	5	1	question	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	never have a break	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	it	it	51	Target_Child	Mother	it 's not having a disco	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	just have a glance at the number five for a minute	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		trains	train	52	Investigator	Target_Child	was there lego trains	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		one	one	52	Investigator	Mother	is there is there really a one	no it 's a moth	7	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you slept in a haystack that had no straw in	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were	no	there		sharks	shark	52	Target_Child	Mother	and there were no sharks	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		sharks	shark	52	Mother	Mother	there were n't sharks	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		t	t	52	Mother	Mother	there 's another t	no	4	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	52	Mother	Mother	and then I 'll have it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	can I just have this	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	52	Target_Child	Mother	it does n't matter if it does n't have neenahs does it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	so you ca n't have the tickets	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Thomas	Thomas	52	Mother	Target_Child	does this have something to do with it Thomas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a bath	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lumps	lump	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	look there 's lumps	no it does n't Mum	4	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	it	it	52	Mother	Target_Child	so it wo n't have my luggage on it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	have you had that out today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	NONE	NONE	52	Target_Child	Mother	would n't have that on tape	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	we	we	52	Mother	Target_Child	we ca n't have anything very noisy on the tape	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	52	Mother	Mother	and she had it quite a long time	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		people	people	52	Target_Child	Mother	I will if there 's another people squirting me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	52	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nobody there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	I to come beneath how much money you had	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	because you waste it when you have a full apple	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm just going to have a little look at it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas have you had milk at nursery at school	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have one last stir before it goes goes away	no I 'm waiting it to go in my pipe	13	10	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	53	Mother	Target_Child	have we had a nice day	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	let me just have a little look at Purdie	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	53	Mother	Target_Child	Thomas was anybody told they did n't have nice teeth	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	53	Mother	Target_Child	he he did n't have nice teeth Alex	no he just had two out	8	6	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	she	she	53	Mother	Target_Child	is she having a wash	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Kiera	Kiera	53	Mother	Target_Child	now I forgot Alex we say curly haired Kiera because there 's the other Kiera there 's Kiera Bart and Kiera Smith we have two Kiera 's do n't we	no	30	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Anthony	Anthony	53	Mother	Target_Child	does Anthony have a cat	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	53	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody that is n't nice	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	53	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm the driver and you 're not having to our plane	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Target_Child	Mother	let me have it now you 've been throwing the	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Mother	have a wee please and go in the bath	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	53	Mother	Target_Child	what if there are people inside trapped	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	have you had any worries today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		tablet	tablet	53	Mother	Target_Child	well there 's no vitamin tablet for poor Thomas this morning is there	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	well I 'd like to talk about lunch please or a snack what did you have for snack this afternoon	no	20	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	did you not have a snack	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		snack	snack	53	Mother	Target_Child	was there a snack available	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	53	Mother	Target_Child	did you have peas for lunch today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Mother	Target_Child	are you waiting to have him rescued by somebody	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	53	Investigator	Mother	has she	no	2	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have uh milk man	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	I only have the icing	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		icing	icing	54	Target_Child	Mother	there 's no icing on	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	can I have snippers	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	they	they	54	Mother	Mother	these are pretty sort of daisies but they 've had it	no actually Thomas they look like miniature sunflowers do n't they	11	11	declarative	question	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	54	Mother	Mother	oh down there but we 've no basket have we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	54	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we 'll have them now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	or you have your cereal first	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	you 're not having Ryvita	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	cats	cat	54	Mother	Target_Child	you know why cats have whiskers Thomas do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	is that because I have such a big lunch	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta have railway stations for trams though do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	54	Target_Child	Mother	we 're having a bath fight	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	you can have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	you	you	54	Mother	Mother	you would n't have time to play with them all	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	when you 've just had it shampooed does n't it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	are you having milk or not	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		mess	mess	54	Mother	Mother	there is a mess	no it 's not funny	4	5	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	54	Target_Child	Mother	then they have a wee and it 's milk	no it makes milk	9	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	54	Mother	Mother	like we had them before	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Target_Child	oh let 's have a look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	55	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything there that needs tidying away	no	8	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Mother	I 'm going to have a piece with you	no do n't get in Purdie 's bed please	9	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cows	cow	55	Mother	Target_Child	have are there any cows nearby	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		cows	cow	55	Mother	Target_Child	h are there no cows	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	do you have some cows on your at your factory	no I just found them	10	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	trucks	truck	55	Investigator	Target_Child	I did n't know that trucks had faces did you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		crocodile	crocodile	55	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's a crocodile or two but	no	7	1	interruption	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Eddie	Eddie	55	Investigator	Target_Child	I bet steady Eddie had water	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do they have faces too	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	my radar 's broken has it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na tip it out and have a look	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	56	Target_Child	Mother	we have lunch at seven o'clock	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		area	area	56	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's an area where you can swing	no in Ben 's garden there 's a goalpost	9	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	I 've never had lemon donuts	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	56	Target_Child	Mother	ah can I have one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's room to do it here or not	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fire	fire	56	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a fire	no that way	4	3	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Jean	Jean	56	Investigator	Mother	is there a fox 's tail Jean	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	56	Investigator	Target_Child	hello is there room at the inn for me and my baby	no I 'm not playing	12	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	56	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'll have the dustbin truck	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	56	Investigator	Mother	you do n't haf ta cry just because I made a mistake do you	no you do n't haf ta cry come on	14	9	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	we keep buying bits but we never seem to ever have enough do we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	57	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we had any pieces of track left actually at the end did we	no	17	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	who	who	57	Mother	Mother	who can have accident	no I 'd rather not really	4	6	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	will	will	we	we	57	Target_Child	Mother	will we not have any lunch	no we 're going out to have our lunch out	6	10	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	I have a special little thing inside that you haf ta twist in a certain way to get them out and twist them in a certain way to put them in	no	31	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	could I have one	no Thomas you ca n't	4	5	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a little break	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	57	Mother	Target_Child	okay well hopefully if she 's had one at teatime and one in the evening she wo n't be sneeze at bedtime will she	no	24	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	57	Mother	Target_Child	she takes them all at once and then she does n't have any left for the rest of the day	no do n't take all of these	20	7	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	57	Mother	Target_Child	and I think we 'll get rid of that carrier bag as well because it 's got holes in it and there 's not a lot of point having a a bag with holes is there	no	36	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	well we can do it have it with the mess	no we ca n't have it with the mess	10	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it is n't	1	4	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have bread	no	4	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bell	bell	58	Mother	Target_Child	well there there 's a bell on this shop is n't there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	have you had Dandelion and burdock	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	've	have	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've not had a drink of for ages	no	13	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		garage	garage	58	Mother	Mother	looks like there 's a garage	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look at the box	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	do	do	you	you	58	Investigator	Target_Child	do you not haf ta weigh them and tell me how much they cost	no	14	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	58	Mother	Target_Child	it had bits on like that did n't it	no it has n't	9	4	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		men	man	58	Mother	Target_Child	I know I know I joke with you and I know I tease you about the police getting you and things but seriously Thomas there are security men in shops for that	no	32	1	trail	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm going to have two pinks	no you 're not having any more after that	7	9	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Target_Child	Mother	have you not have you not got any holes	no	9	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	I	I	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 've had a nightmare	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	you 'd say Mummy can I have a Crunchie and what do you think Mummy would say to that	no	19	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a nice kind dream	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	59	Mother	Target_Child	you 've got to do we 've got to do chores and jobs first before we have fun	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	have	have	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	have you not had ta do anything like that at nursery school	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Thomas	Thomas	59	Mother	Mother	there 's a Thomas	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	Mum can I have another drink	no	6	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hole	hole	59	Mother	Target_Child	is there a hole in the middle	no	7	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		playground	playground	59	Mother	Target_Child	and so there 's a playground in the factory as well	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Mother	Target_Child	I think you haf ta have special gloves on do n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anything	anything	59	Mother	Target_Child	pasta chips and tomato sauce was there anything with the pasta	no	11	1	question	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		meat	meat	59	Mother	Target_Child	I thought there was some meat you told me	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		wheels	wheel	59	Mother	Target_Child	oh I did n't think the little engine would get past I thought the the carriages of the um Intercity might because there were so many wheels	no	27	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Thomas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a chocolate	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Brian	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		chocolate	chocolate	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's chocolate everywhere	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Thomas Brian	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		screwdriver	screwdriver	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no screwdriver either	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Thomas Brian	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fire	fire	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there a fire somewhere	no	5	1	question	declarative	Thomas Brian	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							24	Mother	Mother	this one 's mine	no it 's mine	4	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Lena	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		tongue	tongue	17	Mother	Mother	there 's a tongue	no okay	4	2	trail	declarative	Bernstein Alice	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		dogs	dog	18	Mother	Mother	there are the dogs	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Bernstein Amelia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	17	Mother	Mother	you just had your breakfast honey we 're not gon ta have supper now	no we 're not gon ta have dinner	14	8	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bowl	bowl	22	Mother	Mother	and there 's the bowl and it says all ready but where 's the spoon	no you know what that is	15	6	question	question	Bernstein Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	16	Mother	Mother	can I have the doggie	no	5	1	question	question	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	22	Investigator	Mother	she puts the dog in the house but you do n't have a doghouse for the dog	no	17	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	22	Investigator	Mother	does she have her own	no just her high+chair	5	4	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	17	Investigator	Mother	do you have a dog at home	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	22	Investigator	Mother	does she have any of these books at home	no no none of these	9	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	she	she	22	Investigator	Mother	are those things she has had experience with or have you made a point of teaching	no she 's just those are things that she 's had experience with with food and she 's been in the car a lot	16	24	trail	trail	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	she seems to have acquired quite a large vocabulary although I could n't always tell what she was saying do you think she had any particular problems with any of those any of the pictures or words	no not really	37	3	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	does she have any particular favorite book	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	18	Investigator	Mother	she was into the dog you have a dog	no we have a cat	9	5	trail	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	does she have any doll house or	no but she knows about other people 's houses	7	9	trail	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	does she have favorite things	no she just likes to drink	5	6	trail	declarative	Bernstein None	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Investigator	Mother	I was going to ask if she can take her clothes on and off and I guess I do n't haf ta	no she can	22	3	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Bernstein None	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	19	Investigator	Mother	does she have the Pat the Bunny book at home	no	10	1	question	declarative	Bernstein Dale	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							16	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no this is mine	1	4	question	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							16	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no this is mine	1	4	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							16	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no s mine	1	3	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	17	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a little choo choo and I have a little engineer	no no	12	2	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's mine	1	4	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's mine	1	4	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		couple	couple	17	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a couple over here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hat	hat	18	Mother	Target_Child	yeh there 's a hat in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		mice	mouse	19	Mother	Target_Child	there are some mice talking to Cinderella	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Mother	would you like to have a purple block	no	8	1	question	question	Higginson June	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		useta	useta	one	one	25	Mother	Target_Child	remember this one useta have a drum on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I have pop	no you can have lemonade	3	5	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	25	Mother	Target_Child	one of these books have pigs in	no	7	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Matthew	Matthew	25	Mother	Target_Child	no Matthew has brown eyes	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I have green	no you have blue	3	4	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Jeremy	Jeremy	25	Mother	Target_Child	no Jeremy has blue ones	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Amanda	amanda	25	Mother	Target_Child	Amanda has blue eyes	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you still having allergic reactions to that medicine	no	9	1	question	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	34	Target_Child	Mother	he has little hair	no he has big hair too	4	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		horsie	horsie	35	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the horsie	no that 's the other horse	4	6	declarative	declarative	Higginson April	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		does	do	someone	someone	36	Visitor	Target_Child	does someone around your neighborhood have one	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Visitor	Target_Child	do you have any dogs	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Visitor	Target_Child	does he have a name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Visitor	Target_Child	is your Mommy about to have a baby	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	36	Visitor	Target_Child	have you had your lunch yet today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Visitor	Target_Child	let me have one of your puppets	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	36	Visitor	Target_Child	oh do n't we have any more red ones	no	9	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	do you have any more blocks	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	36	Visitor	Target_Child	that way we 'll only have one opening	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Bohannon Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Adult	Target_Child	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	ya	ya	36	Adult	Target_Child	you do n't have a baseball do ya	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Adult	Mother	do you have an appointment	no	5	1	question	declarative	Bohannon Baxter	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Target_Child	Father	you you have ish	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	everything	everything	26	Father	Target_Child	everything has a big crash with you today huh	no no	9	2	question	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	so right there you have all the letters of the alphabet	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	may I have that please	no want help	5	3	question	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had cornmeal sir	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	I have an owie in my head	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	you have a new song today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Father	Target_Child	oughtoh does it look like its going to were going to have a storm tonight	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	I think you have gas	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	do you have gas	no	4	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	28	Father	Target_Child	did you have water play	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	31	Father	Target_Child	does he have a hook	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							31	Father	Target_Child	your like a martian	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'd	would	they	they	33	Father	Target_Child	um think they 'd have cake	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you had punch at school today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mommy	mommy	31	Mother	Target_Child	well daddy will use the one that mommy has okay	no he gon ta use mine	10	6	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	grandpa	grandpa	31	Mother	Target_Child	sure grandpa Davis has a hammer but I think grandpa Hankey has a hammer too	no he has a screwdriver	15	5	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	do they have any bandaids	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	do we have any stewardesses in this plane	no	8	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		farmer	farmer	33	Mother	Target_Child	now there 's the farmer	no I do n't want him	5	6	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	do you have any stickers in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		waitress	waitress	26	Father	Target_Child	you think there 's a waitress here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Jimmy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	25	Father	Target_Child	do you have any money	no	5	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	25	Father	Target_Child	is there anything else that 'll fit in there	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	do you still have your cold	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		milk	milk	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there any milk in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	I do n't have one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Demetras2 Tim	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		Bert	Bert	12	Mother	Mother	there 's Bert	no this is a bird	3	5	declarative	declarative	Rollins nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	would you like to have the last hap	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Nathaniel	Nathaniel	29	Mother	Target_Child	does Nathaniel have a tail	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		toast	toast	29	Mother	Target_Child	is there any toast anywhere for Nathaniel	no	7	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	okay shall I put a little water in here and you can have a little bath	no	16	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	um do you wan na have your hair washed Nathaniel	no	10	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	29	Target_Child	Father	eh de Daddy has gunky	no no no no	5	4	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	29	Father	Father	do I have gunkies in my ear	no	7	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	no Baaee no have de microphone	no Nathaniel does n't have a microphone that 's right	6	10	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Baaee	Baaee	29	Target_Child	Mother	Baaee has a mi no Nathaniel has a microphone a microphone	no Nathaniel has a microphone a microphone	11	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Baaee	Baaee	29	Mother	Target_Child	does Baaee have a beard	no got a cheek	5	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	recorder	recorder	30	Mother	Target_Child	does Nathaniel 's tape recorder have a microphone	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have any ice cream	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a beard	no the monkey has a beard	5	6	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Lia	Lia	30	Mother	Target_Child	does Lia have a beard	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Baaee	Baaee	30	Mother	Target_Child	does Baaee have a beard	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	daddy	daddy	30	Mother	Mother	does daddy have a beard	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	enne enne have ice cream dessert	no we 're having cheese cake for dessert	6	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	have this thing	no come on give me this	3	6	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some dessert	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	nene	nene	30	Target_Child	Mother	nene have dit	no you 're gon ta go to bed now	3	9	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	wan	want	30	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have the book	no can you say	5	4	declarative	trail	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have some boiled enchilada	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have some boiled enchilada	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have some boiled enchilada	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have some boiled enchilada	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	enne	enne	31	Target_Child	Mother	enne have dis one	no no no	4	3	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		t	t	31	Target_Child	Mother	eh there 's a t for to put it up there	no we do n't need a t	11	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		chance	chance	36	Mother	Father	there 's one chance in ten you lose your money completely but	no I think was that catalogue from that place in Colorado	12	11	declarative	question	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	she 's gon ta look at the pictures and then she is gon ta have breakfast	no not	16	2	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na tell you that you have a dirty face	no I have a clean face today	11	7	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Grandmother	Target_Child	you have another one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		something	something	36	Grandmother	Mother	oh there must be something else in between here	no no the it t turn it around	9	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Father	Mother	you do n't wan na have me in	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Grandmother	Mother	he does n't he has one in yes	no he he said one	8	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Grandmother	Mother	does he have two puzzles like this	no they go on top of one another	7	8	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Friend	Target_Child	did you have peanut+butter today	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Friend	Target_Child	did you have any fruit	no I have banana	5	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	do we have a fish	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	train	train	38	Target_Child	Mother	dat dat train has a switch	no the train track has a switch	6	7	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	do n't haf ta go pee pee	no	7	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	Greg	Greg	38	Mother	Target_Child	do Greg and Scott have penises	no	6	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	submarine	submarine	40	Target_Child	Mother	eh dis submarine has a hole in it too	no	9	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ha	ha	eh	eh	40	Target_Child	Mother	ha eh had de flat tire	no it did n't have a flat tire	6	8	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		elevens	eleven	40	Mother	Target_Child	are there some R B ten elevens out there escaped	no	10	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a sister	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a brother	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Renee	Renee	40	Mother	Target_Child	does Renee have a brother	no	5	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	40	Target_Child	Mother	we have a feather duster	no we do n't	5	4	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Babykins	Babykins	40	Target_Child	Mother	uh de baby baby Babykins has a big bath+tub	no he still has a little bath+tub because he 's still a little baby	9	14	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		weeds	weed	40	Target_Child	Mother	there 's some more weeds	no those are n't weeds	5	5	declarative	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a sore throat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a nose of great length	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a nose of great short	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		ants	ant	45	Mother	Target_Child	are there any more ants anywhere around here	no	8	1	question	declarative	Snow Nathaniel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Mother	wheels having ride	no that wo n't fit on the back	3	8	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	yeah you have breakfast with	no	5	1	self	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	can I have some pennys please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	24	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy have it	no thank you	3	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	25	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have the key please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	could I have an apple please in the basket	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Duke	Duke	25	Target_Child	Mother	oh there 's Duke there	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	26	Mother	Mother	they have lights down here	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a sleep in your push+chair today	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you had breakfast with Daddy as well did n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Warren	Warren	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	Warren have a straw	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	it 's have having a ride	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		visitors	visitor	27	Mother	Mother	you do n't take your trousers off when there are visitors here	no no no	12	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		saucer	saucer	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a cup saucer	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		money	money	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the money	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na have it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		rabbit	rabbit	28	Mother	Mother	there 's not jelly rabbit either	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		birds	bird	28	Mother	Target_Child	in fact there are two birds pecking on your nut holder	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have them now	no want it	6	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	can I have some hot+choc in my red	no	8	1	self	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are	no	there		passengers	passenger	28	Mother	Target_Child	are there no passengers	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		monkey	monkey	28	Mother	Target_Child	there should n't be a monkey in there should there because monkeys do n't drive trains	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		truck	truck	28	Mother	Mother	because there 's the other truck there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	is baby tiger going to have a ride on his Mummy 's back	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	at the moment I do n't think it 'll have a policeman in it	no have a police	14	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	you see beetle+cars are unusual because they have their engine at the back in the boot	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	is it going to have a high high wall round it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	let Mummy have a can Mummy have a try	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	want have that too	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		tins	tin	30	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there are any tins with worms in	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	my wan na do a my want have a yellow one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	it	it	30	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't has it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Mummy	Mummy	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's Mummy	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		rhinoceros	rhinocero	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a funny rhinoceros	no no no	5	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		pieces	piece	31	Mother	Mother	there are nine pieces	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		space	space	31	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you put it here where there 's a nice big space	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a look outside	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		driver	driver	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	and there 's there 's the driver	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		aubergine	aubergine	32	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a aubergine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	because lion I think lion 's hungry because he did n't have any breakfast did he	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		bits	bit	32	Mother	Mother	are there any more bumpy bits	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	32	Target_Child	Mother	there 's another red one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have a go at doing the star shaped one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		eye	eye	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	there is no eye	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	have a and bang it off	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you had them last	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hole	hole	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there a hole in the wheel	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	they 're having a little rest because they 've been working hard mending cars all morning	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	been		there		accident	accident	33	Mother	Target_Child	it looks like there 's been a big accident	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	maybe have four or three	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you having beans	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Warren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	23	Target_Child	Target_Child	are you having a wee wee	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mummie	mummie	23	Mother	Target_Child	can mummie have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	23	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything in it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		steps	step	23	Mother	Mother	there 's no steps	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a wee	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	have you had a poo	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything in it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							25	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	25	Investigator	Target_Child	is there anything interesting in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's turn the board over and then you can have your crayons ca n't you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	if you 'd got a horse we could have the horse jumping over those could n't you	no	17	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Investigator	Mother	let 's have a look at it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Tiny	Tiny	26	Mother	Mother	only Tiny has green hair	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		shirt	shirt	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's his shirt	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	is he having a rest	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have a clear up	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	Jess	Jess	27	Mother	Target_Child	is Jess having a cup of tea	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	well shall we just look at the pictures instead of having this	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	28	Mother	Target_Child	did he have a crash	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	he	he	28	Mother	Target_Child	he 'll have no friends will he	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		animals	animal	28	Mother	Target_Child	is there any more animals	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at book	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	I go have a fag	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you have the sticky bum	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	Mummy	Mummy	30	Mother	Target_Child	does that mean Mummy ca n't have an ice+cream now	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's have a couple of the dinosaurs going on the road shall we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have everything you want can you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	go and have a swim then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		room	room	30	Mother	Target_Child	no room in that one for him is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do n't think you have have you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you like having your hair cut	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	let 's have a look up	no	6	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	you can have the yellow one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	32	Mother	Mother	is there any room for Sam	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have the red one then please	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Investigator	Target_Child	shall we have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	shall I have a tidy up	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I 've only had them a few months	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have any more of these ones	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	you	you	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	I I thought you might have this	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	34	Target_Child	Mother	shall we have a race	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Joel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		plenty	plenty	24	Mother	Mother	there are plenty of other boxes outside to break are n't they	no do n't do that darling	12	6	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sand	sand	25	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't any sand in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise we 'll have nowhere to keep this puzzle	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							25	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no no no they 're not yours	1	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					25	Mother	Target_Child	no no no they 're not yours	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a play with this	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	well can Mummy have a go on your seesaw	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	could	could	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	you said I could n't have a go though did n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		cake	cake	24	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't any cake there	no eat the cake	6	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	you 've no patience have you	no we do n't throw toys do we	6	8	question	question	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a sleep upstairs	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a go on your seesaw	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	the other one has n't got a little man in it has it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		vegetables	vegetable	25	Mother	Target_Child	are there any vegetables there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hole	hole	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there a hole in the top of your hat	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	have a nice time	no	4	1	declarative	question	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		darling	darling	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's because there is n't one darling	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look at these	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	got no trunk has it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look and see if it can tow that one	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	elephant	elephant	26	Mother	Target_Child	the elephant 's had his holiday and he 's coming back now is n't he	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		job	job	26	Mother	Target_Child	when the crane broke he decided that there was n't a job there for him anymore did n't he	no	19	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							26	Mother	Target_Child	is it yours that 's the biggest one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you having your drink	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		being	be	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough for the time being	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		key	key	26	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think there is a key to that door	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	have you had your tea	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at Postman Pat	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	it has n't got any sides to it has it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	27	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything left of poor old Syrup	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		food	food	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh and there 's some cat food but we have n't got a cat have we	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	did you have banana for your breakfast	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing left now is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	27	Target_Child	Mother	is there enough room in that garage	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh is there enough room for it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have this phone+box	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	let me have some cake	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	let me have some cake	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	Pam has sweeties does n't she	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a funeral	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							28	Target_Child	Target_Child	they 're mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		television	television	28	Mother	Target_Child	is there a television	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have that little man	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		truck	truck	29	Mother	Mother	because there 's a breakdown truck over there is n't there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine 's	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have a go with those	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you had it right the other way but you were pressing too hard	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to have are we going to have a vegetarian tiger	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	did you let me have some of your pear	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		giraffe	giraffe	29	Mother	Mother	there 's a giraffe	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to let me have my shopping next week without paying anything for it	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	I think you could have a boiled egg could n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	well wo n't er Bert let her out until she has the right change	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	can they have a drive	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you can have some bananas like Mummy bought this morning	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	could he have a bus driver	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	we could have this bird up a tree could n't we	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh it 's got to be that one has it	no no	10	2	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	have look	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have the one with Pingu on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have this friend	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	well have another one then	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	well then have a shark	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					30	Target_Child	Mother	this not mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have it shall we have a competition to see who can get the longest piece of lego	no	19	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh you could have a peach sandwich	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	you had some chips on Saturday did n't you when we went to MacDonald 's	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh I 'm having one of those	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	well shall we have an elephant then	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	31	Mother	Mother	there 's a bit of the apple on top	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	31	Target_Child	Mother	they have pips in and I eat them	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		sharks	shark	31	Mother	Target_Child	well there were n't any sharks on the farm were there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	it did n't have a door	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	teeth you have	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	teeth you have	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		horsie	horsie	31	Mother	Target_Child	and is there a baby horsie in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		hens	hen	31	Mother	Target_Child	and are there any baby hens here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lambs	lamb	31	Mother	Target_Child	are there any little lambs in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	it	it	31	Target_Child	Mother	I think it do n't have a big wheel	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	nanny	nanny	31	Target_Child	Mother	nanny ca n't have them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't haf ta	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	32	Mother	Target_Child	it 's gone cold and there 's lots of snow is there now	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have him in the traffic queue	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you wo n't have anybody left	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bird	bird	33	Mother	Mother	there is n't a bird anywhere on there is there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wish you had curls like that	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Aran	Aran	33	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there 's anything inside them Aran	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		anything	anything	33	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think there 's anything in there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	let 's have another go	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	34	Mother	Mother	we 're having these socks on	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					34	Target_Child	Mother	not yours	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	have the day off	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a banana on the roof	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a snake on the back	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		thing	thing	34	Mother	Mother	is n't there another thing like that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	somebody	somebody	34	Mother	Target_Child	are you sure somebody wo n't haf ta have it on their head	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	I think we 'll have a level crossing	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	let me have that gun	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have my gun	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	34	Target_Child	Mother	because he did n't have much sleep	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Aran	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	34	Mother	Mother	is there any room on the middle station	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	is it going to have a tower on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Aran	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	having a bath	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	having a shower	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hole	hole	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there a hole to put the petrol in or not	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	have you have a bath	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	you 're not having that off	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	had	have	she	she	25	Mother	Target_Child	she had n't had it yesterday had she when she came to see us	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		goat	goat	25	Mother	Target_Child	was there a goat	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not yours is it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		something	something	24	Mother	Target_Child	Grandpa thought there was something wrong with it did n't he	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	have a look in there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	23	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	23	Mother	Target_Child	and did he have a poorly leg	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		trousers	trousers	23	Mother	Mother	are there trousers	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		stars	star	23	Mother	Target_Child	there are stars on the dungarees are n't there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let Mummy have a look at you	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	he 's having some milk is he	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Mummy	mummy	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a Mummy	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Mother	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					26	Mother	Target_Child	they 're not yours to squash are they	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	26	Mother	Target_Child	do n't know if there 's room for you in there	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		they	they	26	Mother	Target_Child	the ones with flags were n't there were they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a little talk about them	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Christmas	Christmas	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there is a Mother Christmas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	want have a look	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		one	one	26	Investigator	Target_Child	is there another one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	26	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's lots more room in this one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		people	people	27	Mother	Target_Child	are there any people on the train	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	or she was having a wee	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	have a look carefully	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	Mummy	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	Mummy have a banana	no hold it Mummy	4	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Andy	Andy	28	Mother	Target_Child	Andy have coke	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have this	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		juggling	juggling	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some juggling	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	you 're have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anyone	anyone	28	Mother	Target_Child	but there was n't anyone to push my bottom though was there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							29	Investigator	Mother	your what	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	I not wan na have a sleep	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	having a good old look are n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	30	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	Andy	Andy	30	Mother	Target_Child	is Andy having a nice relax in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	but she did n't haf ta go to hospital	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	he was n't ready to have no nappie on I do n't think was he	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							30	Target_Child	Mother	like yours	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like having that on do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	you have a look at the rest first and then I 'll have a look	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		crayon	crayon	31	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's a crayon here	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	have they	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'd	would	he	he	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he 'd rather have a c d	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	Andy	Andy	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	Andy ca n't have anything	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	did you have Rupert the bear	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	have a look	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		one	one	31	Mother	Mother	is there another one like that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		picture	picture	31	Target_Child	Mother	there 's another picture you	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I did n't have smartie this time	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have a look for it later when we make a drink shall I	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have a ride on them	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	think they 'll have lots of nice books	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	he did n't have much of a snooze did he	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	go and have a look at the tape	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a sleep on Mummy 's knee if you want	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	you haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	are you having a sleep	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sea	sea	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the sea	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na have yours	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you have these one with your hand	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	just have a quick peep and see what he 's up to but do n't come straight back	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	n't					33	Target_Child	Mother	mine mine does n't	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	negative	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		animals	animal	33	Mother	Target_Child	but were there any animals there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Mother	let 's have a different one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		deck+chair	deck+chair	33	Target_Child	Mother	there was a deck+chair	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you think we 'll have a little sleep	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	you have a look	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have a look at these	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	which	which	34	Mother	Target_Child	which always had ants in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	did you like having sun+tan lotion on on holiday	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	when Caroline goes you can have it on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of things in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of things in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Gail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		anything	anything	24	Mother	Mother	see if there 's anything in here you can color	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	shall I have a look	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		flowers	flower	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no flowers though are there here	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else you wan na buy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		monkey	monkey	25	Mother	Target_Child	there is a monkey in here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Target_Child	a mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	26	Mother	Target_Child	he has something to put up with does n't he with you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	I thought she was going to have some diner	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	26	Mother	Target_Child	she did n't have a story or anything did she	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Mother	Target_Child	is it mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							26	Target_Child	Target_Child	yours	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	have a cup of tea	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hippo	hippo	27	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a hippo	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are they going to have some dinner	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	have you had some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	have it	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	I wan na have sandwich	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	27	Mother	Mother	he 's had enough now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piggy	piggy	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a piggy	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Investigator	Target_Child	it has n't got any red on it has it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		Becky	Becky	28	Mother	Target_Child	are there any cats among those animals Becky	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		monkeys	monkey	28	Mother	Mother	there 's no monkeys in it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		monkeys	monkey	28	Mother	Target_Child	but there are n't any monkeys in Toy Story	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you have n't have you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		fishes	fish	29	Mother	Mother	because there are nine fishes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	they have a a cuddle	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Investigator	Mother	I I 've no idea what sort of nose I 'm looking for	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Mother	Target_Child	is this mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Investigator	Target_Child	I can have a go now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							30	Target_Child	Mother	is that yours	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	do you do you have these	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		horse	horse	30	Mother	Mother	I 'm not sure there is a Daddy horse actually	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you have horrible medicine	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I can I have it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	shall we just have it like that because I do n't wan na tear it	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's just have a few more minutes shall we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					30	Mother	Mother	they 're not yours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		goat	goat	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's a goat	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		goat	goat	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's a goat	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'd	would	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you think I 'd better have the shopping basket to put my shopping in	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	you should have more than five should n't you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	32	Mother	Target_Child	it 's out because there 's not a lot of room for anything else is there	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you	not					32	Mother	Target_Child	it 's not on your it was n't on your teeth	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	32	Target_Child	Mother	we do we do have some more	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bit	bit	32	Target_Child	Mother	there is some bit left	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		storys	story	32	Mother	Mother	there 's some storys underneath it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		need	need	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no need for that	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	32	Mother	Mother	he 's just having some love now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	come and have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	have some my juice	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	have plum	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	if he 's just had his bath he should really really be thinking about going to bed I suppose should n't he	no	22	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	did you not have one yourself	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	did I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have that	no	4	1	question	question	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	it 's horrible to have it in your mouth after Sukie 's had it is n't it	no	17	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have a blouse	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	did they have any eggs that you bought this morning	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	has	have	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	has has has	no	3	1	self	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		horses	horse	34	Mother	Mother	I do n't think there are any horses in there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		horse	horse	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's horse here	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	have they had a crash	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		kites	kite	34	Mother	Target_Child	are there some kites in here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have these	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	but strawberrys have green leaves on top do n't they	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	them	they	35	Target_Child	Mother	them have a piece in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		piece	piece	35	Target_Child	Mother	is there another piece	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bit	bit	35	Target_Child	Mother	is there another bit	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		piece	piece	35	Target_Child	Mother	is there another piece	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	you did n't have a bunny	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	we ca n't have the radio on can we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at the shopping	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Sukie	Sukie	35	Mother	Target_Child	does Sukie have a ribbon	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Mother	Target_Child	they 're mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	he had a drink	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	we have n't got to have this in	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Becky	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	23	Mother	Mother	we 've had so many things posted in this fire	no that 's enough	10	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no that 's meant to be stuck as well	5	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sun	sun	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a sun	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	elephant	elephant	24	Mother	Target_Child	the elephant has a big trunk	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							24	Target_Child	Mother	it 's my	no it 's my cake	3	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have a biscuit as such	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	you have n't got enough fingers have you for that	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a look at it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	how about having a fireman operating it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		loads	load	29	Mother	Target_Child	there are loads of bricks in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		crawlies	crawly	29	Mother	Target_Child	because there 's nice creepy crawlies here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	Nicole does n't have a car does she	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	pig	pig	29	Target_Child	Mother	pig had horns	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	has he had enough now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		horse	horse	29	Mother	Target_Child	and is there a little horse	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you let me have it and I will help you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cars	car	31	Mother	Target_Child	are there cars still in Henry bear	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	is she having a ride on the train	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	let me have a look at your finger nail please	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hanger	hanger	32	Mother	Mother	there 's a coat hanger in the fire	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	32	Mother	Mother	Daddy had the same	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Mother	can I have one	no no no	4	3	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you have ducks	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	it do n't have a jelly	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one John	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I have this this white bag	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	dinosaur 's gon ta have some tea	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you had a major injury here look	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	and you had a smily face on it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		dada	dada	23	Father	Target_Child	is there no dada	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	do you want Miss Polly has a dolly	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		color	color	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there any more color	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a bit there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		colors	color	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's all the colors	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Mama	mama	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a Mama is n't it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		monster	monster	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no monster	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	he had big eyes	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		monster	monster	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there a monster behind there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		monster	monster	25	Mother	Mother	there 's no monster	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	25	Mother	Mother	we do n't have any books about monsters	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Mama	mama	25	Mother	Target_Child	well there 's a Mama is n't it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have tea	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have a window here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a drink please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	'm	be	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not having this rubbish	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	baba	baba	26	Mother	Target_Child	baba 's having it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		wee	wee	26	Mother	Target_Child	is there any wee on there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		sound	sound	27	Mother	Target_Child	I listened and I listened and there was n't a sound	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Mother	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have these off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	did n't you get all upset yesterday because you did n't have a Mama white one	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	because we do n't have any big white pieces	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I have another one please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	is	be	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	Anna 's not having a banana is she not	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have a bath tonight	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a light on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have a paddy about not having juice or having juice	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	did she have her arms up	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh is she 's having her dress off again	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	28	Mother	Mother	oh I think we have enough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					28	Mother	Mother	it 's not yours darling	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		spoon	spoon	28	Mother	Target_Child	there 's your spoon there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you sit down before you have your juice	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you can have some apple if you want	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		be	be	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	she 's a bit little to be having a cup	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I have an egg please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		children	child	28	Mother	Target_Child	were there any other children in hospital	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		money	money	28	Mother	Target_Child	was there any money in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		monkeys	monkey	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you see if there 's any monkeys in the zoo	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	might have it for tea	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have a Daddy hen	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	were you having a dream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	were	be	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you were n't having a dream	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my							29	Mother	Mother	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		pita	pita	29	Mother	Target_Child	is there any any pita in here	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cot	cot	29	Mother	Target_Child	well there 's the cot	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have your shoes off	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		clouds	cloud	29	Mother	Target_Child	and were there any white clouds do you think	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Mummy	Mummy	29	Mother	Target_Child	did Mummy have a good picnic	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piece	piece	30	Mother	Mother	there 's a piece	no	4	1	self	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sticker	sticker	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's your sticker	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		children	child	31	Mother	Target_Child	are there only two children in nursery today	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	they	they	31	Mother	Target_Child	are they all having a play outside	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		soap	soap	31	Mother	Target_Child	is there soap in her hair	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	he	he	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	have he have tea	no have tea	4	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bath	bath	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the bath	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	31	Mother	Mother	we 're having a party	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you can have your orange juice	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think she might have I think she might have sore ears	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	could I have some tomato on my sandwich please	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have some bread	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					32	Target_Child	Mother	not mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	that not having tea	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	none of them have Mummys have n't they not	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		she	she	33	Mother	Target_Child	because Sally was n't there was n't she not	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		room	room	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there no room	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	33	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll read this when Anna 's gone because there 's a lot of words in this book and it 'd just be a lot of reading	no	27	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	Daddy wo n't let me have any	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	who	who	33	Mother	Target_Child	who ca n't have yours	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you not gon ta have a door	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		animals	animal	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there any fierce animals in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some more	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	are you having trouble	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't like having your hair washed	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	34	Mother	Target_Child	but the one nearest us does n't have a slide does n't it not	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any eyes in the back of your head	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	witches	witch	34	Mother	Target_Child	do wicked witches have long long hair	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		witch	witch	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there no wicked witch here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm having some more too	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	well I thought I was having a rest	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		people	people	35	Mother	Target_Child	were there many people there	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	well you haf ta have do you have any water in that bath	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	I could be the dentist and have a look at your teeth	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	have you ever had salt	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some fish	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you not having any more	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Ruth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	35	Mother	Target_Child	does she have plenty of friends	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Ruth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you can have that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		nana	nana	21	Investigator	Target_Child	no there 's no nana	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	can	can	Zita	Zita	21	Mother	Target_Child	can Zita not have one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	look you have you have these eggs	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	and Zita 's going to have that one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	Carl 's going to have a blue t+shirt	no that pajamas	8	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	21	Mother	Target_Child	what can Mummy have	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		food	food	21	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you look in there and see if there 's some food	no	14	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	23	Mother	Mother	Mummy have it then	no you do n't want the dodie	4	7	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	22	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		egg	egg	23	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a egg	no what 's that Carl	4	5	declarative	question	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	23	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have one of yours	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	you can have it back	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no no no	2	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		flowers	flower	23	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's flowers	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a look at it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	yeah you had one just like it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		elephant	elephant	24	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the elephant	no it 's not an elephant	4	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	that 's that is that dinosaur having a drink	no have a drink	9	4	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		leg	leg	25	Target_Child	Mother	there 's another leg	no I said lake not leg	4	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		drivers	driver	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no drivers	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							25	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no you haf ta go and get your paper	3	9	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's something in the bag is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		circle	circle	26	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a circle	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		cow	cow	28	Target_Child	Target_Child	is there a cow in the box	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are they going to have a race	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		man	man	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little man that you 've got to pay	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sunshine	sunshine	29	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a sunshine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pieces	piece	29	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the pieces	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Thomas	Thomas	30	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Thomas	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a look for me	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		handle	handle	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the handle	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		biscuit	biscuit	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a biscuit	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	babys	baby	32	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what babys have dodies	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have the green one thank you	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	32	Target_Child	Mother	there 's another white one there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	he	he	32	Target_Child	Mother	he ca n't have a race	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		train	train	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a little train there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cows	cow	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the cows in the field	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Carl	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							23	Target_Child	Mother	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							23	Target_Child	Mother	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							23	Mother	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	are you having more wee	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		none	none	23	Mother	Target_Child	oh there 's none yet	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a wee wee	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at your comic	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no that 's Anna 's bag	1	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have it yeah	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		ones	one	24	Mother	Mother	are there any green ones	no I think they 're just blue	5	7	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					24	Target_Child	Mother	not yours	no these are n't Anna 's are they	2	8	declarative	question	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		someone	someone	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there someone at the door	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	26	Mother	Target_Child	we can put that big piece on if we 're having three	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at that Liz	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at this Miss Splendid story	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	well maybe it 's gone in its house in its house has it	no	13	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no love it 's mine	1	5	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	she	she	26	Mother	Target_Child	should she have these pants on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I shall we have a different one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	they	they	27	Mother	Target_Child	they 're having a um fun day at nursery Liz	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		giraffe	giraffe	27	Mother	Target_Child	is there only one giraffe then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I shall have a bruise there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no if you ca n't use it properly Liz you 're not having it	1	14	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you need ta have a wee	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough now of this story	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	he just has a look does n't he	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	has she	no no no no	2	4	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you have the panda and the car	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	couch	couch	28	Mother	Target_Child	it 's spilt no the couch has it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		biscuit	biscuit	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a biscuit	no it 's not a biscuit	4	6	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough of this book	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	30	Investigator	Target_Child	and you have n't either have you	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	30	Mother	Target_Child	because they do n't have them any more	no we do n't	8	4	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it on for a minute	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		soup	soup	31	Target_Child	Mother	there 's some soup in here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one of your crisps	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	32	Mother	Mother	is there anything in it	no	5	1	question	question	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough for now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	um well shall I have um number four	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have we	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	well do you wan na have a wee on the pottie while I 'm going upstairs and then I can empty it	no	22	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Liz	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester CHI	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	33	Target_Child	Mother	because there 's not a lot of room	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester CHI	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it back please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that car please	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the car	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mummie	mummie	23	Target_Child	Mother	mummie have one	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	he 's the train driver so you 've got to have the	no no	12	2	interruption	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have him then please	no no	6	2	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	24	Target_Child	Mother	Daddy has one	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	24	Mother	Mother	but he he has access to a lot of them	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a yellow car please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		car	car	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no red car there is there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	you							24	Mother	Mother	your	no	1	1	self	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that as well	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	have a look in your book	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							25	Mother	Target_Child	that was your	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	train	train	25	Mother	Target_Child	a train should have a driver and that 's what that is	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the tins please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		animals	animal	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some animals in the way	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a truck	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the train	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	26	Investigator	Target_Child	can we have something else now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you had some strawberrys the other day Dominic	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have Thomas	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you can have some money for your money+box for your holiday if you tell me what color that bus is	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Dominic	Dominic	27	Mother	Target_Child	is there any in that box Dominic	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Target_Child	Mother	I had fish	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	sister	sister	27	Mother	Target_Child	can your sister have the car	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	have more	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	do n't have biscuit	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	no have cheese	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	in fact I do n't think you 've ever had one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	have orange	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	we ca n't have them both happy can we	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the truck	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have it then please	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	dolly	dolly	29	Target_Child	Mother	dolly have that one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	did you have some yoghurts	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you had a strawberry yoghurt	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you had it with at your auntie 's yesterday	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	did n't you have any yoghurts yesterday	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	did you have any biscuits	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	did you have anything else	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	did he have anything else	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a horse please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the train please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the top please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	you said you were having the train	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have the yellow car please	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Nina	Nina	29	Mother	Target_Child	can Nina have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	can we have one of the cars now please	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	n't					29	Mother	Target_Child	it is n't even yours because it was n't brought for you	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have anything else	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	please can I have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	can I have some more please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	can I have some more bricks please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	he	he	30	Mother	Target_Child	he has n't has he	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it back	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	you	you	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	you you not having this one Nina Louise Lastname	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	is it is it yours	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Target_Child	Mother	this one mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's definitely mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Target_Child	Mother	that one is mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	have a rabbit	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Nina	Nina	31	Target_Child	Mother	put that Nina have them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Target_Child	Target_Child	this mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	sister	sister	31	Target_Child	Mother	but sister having that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	what about sister have poor rabbit	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							31	Target_Child	Mother	and your	no	2	1	interruption	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	31	Mother	Mother	is there something special about that number	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	you can have that now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	think I have some sweets and toys now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let her have it please	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	cars	car	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	some some cars have that one there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	was	be	Thomas	Thomas	31	Target_Child	Mother	because Nina was n't having that that Thomas	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	she	she	31	Mother	Mother	she 's not having Thomas	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I have one then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have two	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	when you 're good you can have one later	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	you 're definitely not having one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Nina	Nina	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	Nina have that one there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I have this problem of getting through to you	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Mother	can I have a look at that one please	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	I wan na just have a look at that one please	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Mother	Target_Child	that was mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	please can I have a train now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have this one then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	is he gon ta have a rest now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having your cars	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you 're not having it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you have you have this that on top there	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I have that one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have Harold	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Mother	we 're gon ta have a tunnel now are we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	and that one mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine now	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you can have one later	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		tape	tape	33	Mother	Mother	there 's no tape in there is there Dominic	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at your toes	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you have a problem with hearing as well do n't you Dominic	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	you have that one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	are we gon ta have some supper	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	and he 's had it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	please can I have a lift	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Mother	you did n't haf ta pick it up	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that car back please Dominic	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have mine back please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	if if I ca n't have one why should you have one	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it now	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Nina	Nina	34	Target_Child	Mother	Nina can have that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	let her have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Dominic	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	I bet Daddy wishes he had a car like that	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	24	Mother	Mother	there 's a good girl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	are we going to have some more toast	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	25	Mother	Mother	but we had a good time did n't we	no Nicole we do n't wan na hear that anymore	9	10	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sheep	sheep	25	Investigator	Mother	is there a sheep in here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you 've got you 've had some sweeties have n't you	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	let 's let 's have a look at the shopping shall we	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	I	I	25	Investigator	Mother	now I 've never had anybody go to sleep on me yet	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you think you oughta get Morag a drink now she 's had her pizza	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		raspberrys	raspberry	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's raspberrys on the top	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	who	who	25	Mother	Target_Child	who 's having the sandwich	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	must have had a hard night discoing last night	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		tiger	tiger	25	Investigator	Mother	oh there 's the tiger	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		animals	animal	25	Investigator	Mother	do n't think there 's any animals left now is there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	25	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know if there 's room for him now	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to get them all nicely settled on the settee to have a sleep	no	16	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		men	man	26	Mother	Target_Child	there 's three little men	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	we	we	26	Mother	Mother	we 're not having all the shopping out and the Duplo	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	put the shopping away if we 're going to have the Duplo out shall we	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		car	car	26	Mother	Target_Child	is it going away because there 's no car Nicole	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a baby for two minutes	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a baby for two minutes	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	have a go	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to go and have a sleep	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	and pretend to have a bath	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have a go at doing it yourself	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	Mummy	Mummy	28	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't Mummy have Morag	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	28	Mother	Target_Child	can can Mummy have Morag	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a cuddle	no no no no	5	4	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		crocodile	crocodile	28	Mother	Mother	do n't think there is a crocodile here Nicole	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a good girl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Mother	would would you like to have a bath with her tonight	no	11	1	question	question	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	and have a nice bath	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	he will have but a penny a day	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you do n't have us on games like	no	8	1	self	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	are are you are you having a sulk	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	just just sit here and have a cuddle	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	she has n't had one for ages has she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	can I have something else please Nicole	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	you 're spos ta have three to juggle with	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you 're not having the orange Nicole	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	when Carline 's gone are you going to have a little sleep	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	nobody	nobody	28	Investigator	Mother	nobody had cake today	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	28	Investigator	Mother	do n't think there 's room for the teddy+bear	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		kiss	kiss	28	Mother	Target_Child	is there a kiss on those lips with Mummy written on it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a wee wee	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have crisps at play+group do you think	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll haf ta tape Playdays will n't I when you 're there	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	have a look at it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		need	need	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no need ta squeal	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	what did you have for lunch	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	30	Father	Father	shall I have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	they	they	30	Father	Target_Child	shall we go back to the picnic one and you can tell me what they 're having for the picnic	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Father	Target_Child	you haf ta have those tops on things Nicole	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	have it	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Investigator	Mother	you do n't haf ta reheat it for as long do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	30	Mother	Mother	there 's a good girl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Mother	because we had a tin the other week and you did n't eat it	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		beef+burger	beef+burger	30	Mother	Mother	there 's the beef+burger without the beef	no	7	1	declarative	question	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		money	money	30	Mother	Mother	there will n't be any money left for mummie and daddy to buy their food with will there the way you carry on	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lambs	lamb	30	Target_Child	Mother	and there is little lambs	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a wee wee	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		Nicole	Nicole	31	Mother	Target_Child	and there was no beds at the hospital was there Nicole	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na go and have a wee wee	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	31	Mother	Mother	we could have a game of bowls could n't we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	they	they	31	Mother	Mother	are n't they having anything else	no	6	1	question	question	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	32	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody in	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	dolly	dolly	32	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't dolly have one of your bobbles	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have the dominos or the fish out	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		birds	bird	31	Mother	Target_Child	are there any birds in the garden now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	not having a night night	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	goose	goose	33	Mother	Target_Child	is n't the goose having a night night	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you had fruit and not a biscuit	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have this piece then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that piece	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a piece of play+dough	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't I have a little play	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	if you 're gon ta sit in there he can have his dinner	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							33	Mother	Target_Child	it 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Mother	Target_Child	this is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else you wan na get out and play with	no	12	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	otherwise we 'll end up going to hospital and having it cut off you	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	they	they	34	Mother	Target_Child	are they having bread and butter with their sausages	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	can we have the dinner ready for the dollys please	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Mother	this is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	34	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have a bite	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	can he have blue spots	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	and I 'll have the others	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Nicole	Nicole	34	Target_Child	Mother	Nicole have others	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a good night 's sleep	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							35	Target_Child	Mother	with your with your toast	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have some jelly	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		name	name	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's my name	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you think we have any fish	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	come here and have a cuddle	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mummy	Mummy	35	Mother	Target_Child	can Mummy have some play+dough please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	I think when we 've finished this you 'd best go to bed and have a lie down if you 're not very well	no	24	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	so you can have it on your plate to eat it	no want it	11	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you had ta hook then did n't you	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a white polar+bear now	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some play+dough please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	he was having his breakfast	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Nicole	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Mother	do you wan na have a look at one of your new books	no	13	1	question	question	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look and see	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	let baby have a wee on the pottie like you do	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		look	look	23	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the butter look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		space	space	23	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not space is there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cars	car	23	Mother	Target_Child	are there any cars coming	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	23	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have tea when Daddy comes home	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	23	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at another book	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a cuddle	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some cake please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		penguin	penguin	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a baby penguin	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you have it when we go to the pub	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		space	space	24	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm not surprised you 're walking on them there 's no space is there	no	15	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cars	car	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some cars there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	does Anne like having her hair brushed	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have some juice in a little while	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		somebody	somebody	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's somebody else coming now	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	have another look in the big bag	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look at it	no no page	7	3	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you had a late night last night did n't you because you did n't wan na go to sleep	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	are you going to have another go on the slide	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	n't					25	Target_Child	Mother	it is n't yours 's	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours	n't					25	Mother	Mother	it is n't yours 's	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	25	Mother	Target_Child	but there 's room for me as well is n't there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not room for me then is it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta have sausage a sausage a hot+dog	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at the animals in the box	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that on my place please	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	have n't you just had a snooze in the car	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		rabbit	rabbit	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there another is there another rabbit	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at the Duplo	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	when we 've finished playing with Rachel 's toys we 'll have a drink	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	25	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have a drink when we 've finished playing with Rachel'stoys	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	one	one	26	Mother	Target_Child	has that one had his dinner	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have a bit of that one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		spoon	spoon	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's another spoon	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lollys	lolly	27	Mother	Target_Child	there is n't any lollys	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they 'll need ta have a bath	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have an orange instead	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have this cover	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have this cover	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	28	Mother	Target_Child	do they say she can have the puppys	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	they	they	28	Mother	Mother	but they ca n't have the puppys can they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	should	should	I	i	28	Mother	Target_Child	should n't have two should I	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		boots	boot	28	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's my boots	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							28	Target_Child	Mother	those are mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	can	can	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	ca n't have a picnic without your dinner can you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	not having eggs	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Anne	Anne	28	Target_Child	Mother	Anne have some more milk	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a picnic	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at your sticker book	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	he	he	28	Mother	Target_Child	he 's not very happy though because he has n't had any tea	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	have the bed+room just here look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	what 're you having	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Daddy	Daddy	29	Mother	Target_Child	is there a Daddy in the box that we could use	no	11	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		baby	baby	29	Mother	Target_Child	I thought there was a little tiny baby one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you 've just had a drink	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		mole	mole	29	Mother	Mother	is there another mole	no	4	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have this	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	have another drink in a bit	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had two drinks	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 've had enough now	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta have some chips now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a piece of your sweet+corn please	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	can have biscuit	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have a lolly in a bit	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have pretend water then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it forwards now please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a good night kiss	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a biscuit	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	is it yours	no	3	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	what about having a look at a story	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall I have a look at Goldilocks	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll have another sleep in a bit shall we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a look at a story	no	8	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have the shop on this table	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	she says can I have eggs for my breakfast	no	9	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	she	she	31	Mother	Target_Child	could she have that plate	no	5	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Target_Child	Mother	because it useta be yours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	have a sandwich in a bit	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		piece	piece	31	Mother	Mother	is there another piece in your bowl for me	no	9	1	question	question	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	are you feeling better now you 've had some medicine	no	10	1	question	question	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	we 're going to have chicken and potatos and carrots	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	n't					32	Target_Child	Mother	that was n't mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	32	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't have honey	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	did you not have one last time	no	7	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ice+cream	ice+cream	32	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's an ice+cream	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think I 'll have that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have a party again	no	6	1	question	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm having a	no	4	1	trail	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	have that top one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	33	Mother	Mother	you 've had one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	think I will have an apple	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Manchester Anne	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's	no	there		tree	tree	25	Investigator	Mother	there 's no tree on the porch or anything like that	no no	11	2	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	does it have wings	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want Marco to have the car	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		cream	cream	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there any ice cream for me	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		moon	moon	21	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no moon in this book	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	is he gon ta have some of the bird+feed with the birds out there	no	14	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	yeah have some yellow medicine	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	21	Mother	Target_Child	did he have a mother	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	21	Mother	Father	yeah if he keeps doing it we should just block off the stairs and make sure there 's nothing dangerous upstairs and let him do what he wants	no that 's what I mean we 'll lower the sides so that he can	28	15	declarative	trail	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	21	Mother	Target_Child	Child we did six already we only have four more to go	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	remember you had a birthday party for Lily yesterday	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you have some in your pocket	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		horsie	horsie	27	Mother	Mother	let 's see is there a horsie on that page	no	10	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	do we have some of these right there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	these are mine	no I want that one	3	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	nobody	nobody	27	Mother	Target_Child	nobody we know has one of these	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	27	Mother	Target_Child	now he has a hurt too	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	they	they	27	Investigator	Target_Child	so that they can have quiet	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have any	no I want some where my cereal	5	7	declarative	question	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	31	Mother	Mother	is there anybody driving the tractor	no	6	1	question	question	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		goldfish	goldfish	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no goldfish though	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you have nothing else to say	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Molly	Molly	30	Mother	Target_Child	does Molly have a pacifier	no she she do n't need one	5	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	no you do n't have any chocolate on your face	no you like to nosh though right	10	7	question	question	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	29	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else in the bag	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	can she have the elephant	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	does he have ears	no	4	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		street	street	32	Mother	Target_Child	because there 's no street	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	29	Mother	Target_Child	does she have mittens on	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cars	car	29	Mother	Target_Child	are there any cars any cars in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the catalog	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	27	Target_Child	Mother	does he have blue eyes	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't have a name yet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Mother	yeah I do n't think we have a baby here that fits in that	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't have any mittens though does she	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		porcupines	porcupine	30	Investigator	Target_Child	are there any porcupines in the picture	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't have a gum cause I do n't have gum	no you do n't have gum today	13	7	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fire	fire	30	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a fire	no that 's a crane	4	5	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							28	Mother	Target_Child	on his	no no no no	2	4	interruption	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		picture	picture	28	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a picture of one in here	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have any sandals	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		stuff	stuff	28	Investigator	Mother	I think there 's stuff you do n't wan na touch in there	no that 's	13	3	declarative	trail	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	28	Target_Child	Mother	we have some lolly pops	no we do n't have any lolly pops	5	8	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	28	Target_Child	Mother	we have we have some lolly pops	no we do n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	yes you 've had enough warnings	no no no no	6	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		elephant	elephant	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's an elephant in there	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Target_Child	Mother	you do n't have your big coat	no she does n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	please can I have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	Child do you haf ta have a pee pee	no	9	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Goldilocks	Goldilock	29	Mother	Target_Child	did Goldilocks have a nose like that	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	29	Target_Child	Mother	there 's something in there that they have n't seen before	no that 's that 's not it	11	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	29	Target_Child	Mother	is there anything else	no	4	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	tractor	tractor	29	Investigator	Target_Child	does the tractor have a tail	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	could I have some more tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	could I have some more	no no	5	2	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have more juice	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more juice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I have some spoons	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ladder	ladder	32	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a ladder and there 's pillows up there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I 've some can you have some more water	no I do n't want any more water	10	8	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Target_Child	Mother	can you have some more tea	no I do n't want anymore tea	6	7	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	32	Target_Child	Mother	and and he does n't have electricity	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		animals	animal	31	Mother	Target_Child	a farm family since there 's so many farm animals	no there not	10	3	declarative	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		animals	animal	31	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no farm animals	no	5	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		children	child	31	Investigator	Target_Child	well I think because sometimes you know when we go to a house there 's two children like you and Andreas	no	21	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	do we haf ta to be quiet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Valian nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	is		there		fridge	fridge	38	Adult	Target_Child	is there a fridge in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		space	space	38	Adult	Target_Child	is there another space for that bed	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	38	Adult	Target_Child	I do n't think we 've had those have we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Adult	Target_Child	you wan na have one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	doggy	doggy	37	Adult	Target_Child	can doggy have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	they	they	37	Adult	Target_Child	can they have something	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fire	fire	37	Adult	Target_Child	is there a fire	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		airport	airport	37	Adult	Target_Child	is there an airport on here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mouse	mouse	37	Adult	Target_Child	there 's a mouse been nibbling my apple	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Adult	Target_Child	come on let 's have one foot	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	30	Mother	Target_Child	does she have milk Rufi	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	and did you have some ice cream yesterday at Nanny 's	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	tortoise	tortoise	30	Mother	Target_Child	maybe the tortoise will have some grapes	no they 're yours	7	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		wolf	wolf	30	Mother	Target_Child	there was a wolf are you the wolf	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Adult	Target_Child	is the rabbit going to have a look at it	no she 'll stay in the goat 's the goat 's house	10	12	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Adult	Target_Child	please can I have um some oranges when you go shopping	no	11	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	and I 'll have monkey 's and hold hands	no scare them	9	3	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	this one 's gon ta sit and have a cake look	no she ca n't have a cake	11	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	31	Adult	Target_Child	do I have this plate	no that 's the boy	5	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	31	Adult	Target_Child	you can have this plate	no that 's a girl plate	5	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Adult	Target_Child	can I have a different plate please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	31	Adult	Target_Child	you 've had it	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you can have whatever you like on it look there 's toast there	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	did you have yours in the garden or with Daddy on Saturday	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	42	Mother	Target_Child	yeah there 's lots of plates do you want some more	no	11	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					42	Mother	Mother	it 's not yours either	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	42	Mother	Target_Child	oh shall we have some toast for breakfast	no that 's mine	8	4	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh that 's lovely are you going to have some	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		space	space	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no space for the onion	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		it	it	29	Mother	Target_Child	is there a lid is it in the box	no	9	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have chips	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	he	he	37	Mother	Target_Child	has he had a bath	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	can I have vanilla	no you 've got telly	4	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	shall we have some lunch as well	no let 's do this	7	5	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	I know can I have an aeroplane instead	no but you can have the car	8	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		helicopter	helicopter	40	Mother	Mother	look there 's a helicopter need helicopter	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	40	Target_Child	Target_Child	not he have nuts	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	come and have a stroke of my cat	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		aeroplane	aeroplane	35	Mother	Target_Child	oo look there 's a aeroplane for you here is there an airport	no	13	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		zoo	zoo	35	Mother	Mother	look there 's the zoo oh go on oh mummy 's not doing very well at this	no it does n't seem to wan na go oh	17	10	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		animals	animal	35	Mother	Target_Child	are there any more animals in the zoo	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you have glass of wine	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there enough room for two chairs	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	because that looks like a bathroom you do n't have a bed in the bathroom do you	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na play with the cars or do you wan na have a picnic	no I	16	2	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	pretend to have a big trunk Faye	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some icecream	no I want pink ice cream	5	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	did you have ice cream for breakfast this morning	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		farm	farm	40	Mother	Target_Child	is there a farm on this map	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any food in his house	no It 's too big to fit in	8	8	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	40	Mother	Target_Child	is there room for a pussy cat	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		ambulance	ambulance	40	Mother	Target_Child	quick is there an ambulance	no there 's not a ambulance	5	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	they could have a tea party could n't they	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'll I 'll I 'll have the pink	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mum	mum	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	and there 's another celery mum	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a proper name	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		television	television	39	Mother	Target_Child	ah well is there a television	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	cause they do n't have a bed in the dining room	no that 's a baby 's room	11	7	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	we can have one each now	no not yet	6	3	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	have a cup of tea	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	can	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	can I not have that one	no you can get another one	6	6	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							45	Mother	Target_Child	are they yours	no they 're look at	3	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	did you have dinner	no we ate dinner at my house	4	7	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have mine in future then	no you 're cheating because I 've got to do that one	8	12	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	39	Mother	Mother	there 's the white one	no you need ta say I	5	6	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	39	Mother	Mother	we do n't have drink in a bowl do we	no	10	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Father	Target_Child	have you ever had bacon	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	35	Father	Target_Child	should we have another one	no I 'm thirsty	5	4	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	are you having both of them	no	6	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		potty	potty	31	Target_Child	Mother	in the potty but there is n't a potty	no never mind	9	3	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	35	Father	Target_Child	they do n't have any salt in	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		damsels	damsel	35	Father	Target_Child	there 's no damsels in distress today	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		animals	animal	30	Mother	Target_Child	are there any other animals	no	5	1	question	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	they	they	37	Mother	Target_Child	leave the dogs like that look they 're having a picnic out there	no let 's pick all of this up	13	8	declarative	declarative	Tommerdahl nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have chocolates hanging on it as well	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a fairy on the top	no	8	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a Christmas tree for Christmas	no it 's my Christmas tree is over now	8	9	question	declarative	Fletcher Daniel_C	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have your cooker in the bath+room	no	8	1	question	declarative	Fletcher David	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		someone	someone	38	Investigator	Target_Child	is there someone sleeping in the bed	no	7	1	question	declarative	Fletcher David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have the same house	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	36	Investigator	Target_Child	shall we have some girls	no not again	5	3	question	declarative	Fletcher Craig_F	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		windows	window	61	Investigator	Target_Child	there are three windows	no there 's four	4	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Craig_A	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		space	space	59	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's not even space in the sky is there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Nicola_L	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a birthday party for your birthday	no not yet	9	3	question	declarative	Fletcher Nicola_L	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Investigator	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Nicola_L	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Investigator	Target_Child	have you a Barbie doll as well	no	7	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	61	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have lessons with it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	61	Investigator	Target_Child	have you ever had a nose bleed	no but I 've had two finger bleeds	7	8	question	declarative	Fletcher Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		time	time	63	Investigator	Target_Child	so there is not much time for them to play with you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	63	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have arguments with your sisters	no	7	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	sisters	sister	63	Investigator	Target_Child	do your sisters have arguments with each other	no	8	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	63	Investigator	Target_Child	you never have any arguments	no	5	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	tiger	tiger	63	Investigator	Target_Child	tiger has a smartie	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Gemma_P	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		man	man	63	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's another man on there as well	no think it 's a little boy	8	7	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Helen	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	58	Investigator	Target_Child	is there room	no	3	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Richard	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	62	Investigator	Target_Child	it 's not nice if one has a balloon and it flies away is it	no	15	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Carly_M	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	they	they	61	Investigator	Target_Child	they have n't have they	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Claire_K	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	tiger	tiger	62	Investigator	Target_Child	tiger has a smartie	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Gavin_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	ask him if you can have it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Gavin_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	62	Investigator	Target_Child	horsie can I have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gavin_P	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	62	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have any cats and dogs at home	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Gerard_T	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	tiger	tiger	62	Investigator	Target_Child	tiger has a smartie	no I have n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Gerard_T	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	horsie	horsie	62	Investigator	Target_Child	horsie has big ears	no he does n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Gerard_T	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		noone	noone	60	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's noone in that tractor is there	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Michael_D	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a tree like that at christmas	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Michael_D	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	63	Investigator	Target_Child	and did you have chocolates on the tree	no we have n't got a	8	6	question	declarative	Fletcher Victoria_B	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	have you had your break yet	no not yet	6	3	question	declarative	Fletcher Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did he have fire coming out of his nose	no	9	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Janna	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	and this one he says can I have all of those balloons	no I wan na have them all myself cause you can have all of them says the man	12	18	question	declarative	Fletcher Natalie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a Christmas tree for Christmas	no	8	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Matthew_C	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	we	we	36	Investigator	Target_Child	I think we 've had that one	no we have n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Fletcher Jennifer_B	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	tiger	tiger	36	Investigator	Target_Child	does tiger have a smartie	no	5	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Garreth_L	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	36	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's not enough room is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Fletcher Kirstie_K	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	let 's go have a bath	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	question	Brent Morgan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	Morgan do you wan na go upstairs and have a bath	no we 've already been outside	11	6	question	declarative	Brent Morgan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	13	Mother	Mother	can I have a big hug	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brent Morgan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	now you have a stick and a rock	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Morgan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	13	Mother	Mother	do you have a poopie	no you smell clean	5	4	question	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	14	Mother	Mother	she already has food	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	may I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Mommy	Mommy	14	Mother	Mother	does Mommy have a tail	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	bear	bear	14	Mother	Target_Child	does teddy bear have a tail	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brent Miranda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	do you have anything to say about the situation	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brent Dillon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	you do n't wan na have your pants wet later on do you	no that would n't feel so good	13	7	question	declarative	Brent Dillon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	12	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have my remote	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Brooklyn	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	12	Mother	Mother	he has a weird nose but where is it	no that 's his eye	9	5	question	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	you can have it in the toilet	no honey it 's okay	7	5	declarative	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		picture	picture	14	Mother	Target_Child	did you see there 's a picture of a baby	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	14	Mother	Target_Child	you can have one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Alexander	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	13	Mother	Mother	now you have your own chair	no you should n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brent Jaylen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have toilet paper	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Jacob_Abernathy	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Mother	Mother	have some banana	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Brent Timothy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	no you ca n't have the spoon if you 're gon ta act like that	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Timothy	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ball	ball	14	Mother	Mother	there 's your ball	no that 's Daddy 's	4	5	declarative	declarative	Brent Timothy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Dakota	Dakota	14	Mother	Mother	there 's Dakota	no you do n't like it	3	6	declarative	question	Brent Tabitha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	we	we	14	Mother	Mother	that way we wo n't have that dog in our way	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Tabitha	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	14	Mother	Mother	there 's another one	no this these are sticking together	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brent Tabitha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	12	Mother	Mother	ca n't have it	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Brent Henry	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	12	Mother	Mother	can I have the binkies	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brent Henry	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		cannot	cannot	you	you	12	Mother	Mother	Henry no you cannot have that	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Henry	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	13	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have any binkies	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brent Henry	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	13	Mother	Mother	oh no you ca n't have the microphone	no no bunny	8	3	declarative	declarative	Brent Henry	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you think you can have that Nana to yourself	no no	9	2	question	declarative	Brent Vas_Coleman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		ball	ball	12	Mother	Mother	there is a ball	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Brent Vas	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		you	you	22	Father	Father	okay sweetie there 's a blanket now you	no sweetie it 's time for a nap	8	8	interruption	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Stephen	Stephen	25	Target_Child	Father	Stephen had a cold	no Stephen did n't get your cold	4	7	declarative	declarative	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		blanket	blanket	29	Father	Target_Child	okay here is a blanket and there is a blanket	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Nelson Emily	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	is		there		nut	nut	28	Mother	Mother	is there a nut right here	no not right here no not right over here	6	9	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	29	Target_Child	Mother	here here it have a battery	no I think Dad took the batteries out does n't have batteries	6	12	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	I have something that needs to go can this come with you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	32	Mother	Target_Child	did they have sausages	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	no it do n't have Sully	no it does not have Sully but at least they can watch Mike	6	13	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		pizza	pizza	36	Mother	Target_Child	she says I heard there was some pizza in your car I love pizza can I have some pizza too	no	20	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	38	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not room for too much more is there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		playdough	playdough	39	Mother	Target_Child	is there anymore playdough inside	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	grandpa	grandpa	39	Mother	Target_Child	that 's kinda silly does grandpa Zevenbergen have a pet alligator	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	there were a whole bunch of things like I do n't remember this guy from Harry Potter do you	no	19	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		something	something	40	Investigator	Target_Child	was there something maybe sad that happened in the Land Before Time	no	12	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	but what if I get another one and you can have one and then I can also send one to grandma	no	21	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you think the cat likes having his tail pulled	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		people	people	43	Mother	Target_Child	did you know there were people in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		storm	storm	44	Target_Child	Mother	is there a storm outside	no there 's no storm outside is it I think it 's just the chairs upstairs making loud noises	5	19	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	did you have an accident in them	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	46	Mother	Target_Child	is there something stuck in there here let me see if I can get it out	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember if you have one or not	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		rooms	room	48	Mother	Target_Child	are there any more rooms you wan na set up before the tornado comes	no	14	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	49	Mother	Target_Child	did they have that did you guys do that	no they had a little cage	9	6	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have any do you have anymore green food	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	51	Mother	Target_Child	that 's how you sold him you sold him to me and he had blood all over him	no um um that 's u how the pterodactyl got made	18	11	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	51	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of stuff at our house that 's like that	no you know that thing that was kinda like a kinda like my first radio but it does n't have any but it 's not kinda like a regular not regular but as tall as a regular one	12	38	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							51	Mother	Target_Child	your what you brought this here to put it in my hair	no I brought it to the track	12	7	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	54	Investigator	Target_Child	do you still have him	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	54	Mother	Target_Child	it seems like it has gum in it honey	no it 's not it 's not it does n't	9	10	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	hm how about I have the store	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	oh really you have n't even actually told me that both of you is it a day when you have school the day that it 's your actual birthday	no my my mommy can take off too	29	8	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have the movie yet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		group	group	56	Mother	Target_Child	well was n't there another little group with two girls in your class	no um there um one um two ladies and one boy	13	11	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na tell doctor Weist the story quick about Jenny B Jones when she has the slumber party	no	20	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		something	something	56	Mother	Target_Child	you told me actually something that happened one day when I was at work because daddy has been off work all week so you stayed home with daddy on Monday and then there was something that happened in terms of your not feeling well do you remember that	no	48	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	remember what was in those those little won tons those things that you had on your plate and we did not tell you until afterwards of what you ate do you remember	no	32	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	both of you is it a day when you have school is the day that 's uh your actual birthday	no my my mommy can take off too	20	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have the movie yet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		group	group	57	Mother	Target_Child	well is n't there another little group with two girls in your class	no	13	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	57	Investigator	Target_Child	did they have tiny tiny dinosaurs	no just giant dinosaurs not small	6	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		dinosaurs	dinosaur	57	Mother	Target_Child	well wo n't it just be louder because now there 'll be three dinosaurs	no	14	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		baby	baby	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh good question let 's see if there 's a baby in the lower container too	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		lion	lion	58	Mother	Target_Child	well I think it was something like there was a lion and it turned into a snake	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Mother	Target_Child	okay let me have two back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	do you think I can have all this money	no you ca n't have all this money in fact I 'm regretting that I let you use it because now you keep thinking about it	9	26	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	because you had no idea where it was right	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	60	Mother	Target_Child	we had a snake	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Matt	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		people	people	29	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's people on them	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	29	Mother	Target_Child	hey is there anything in the sandbox today	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		holiday	holiday	29	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a big holiday coming	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	34	Target_Child	Mother	because he has juice box	no I do n't think he has a juice box	5	10	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		zebras	zebras	39	Target_Child	Mother	there was no zebras there	no no zebras at the beach	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't haf ta go potty at school	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Benjamin	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you had your Spiderman tube that Aunt Niece bought you but we did n't ride in it	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	piggie	piggie	37	Investigator	Target_Child	does that piggie still have food on him	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	you can have it	no I do n't want it	4	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		attic	attic	50	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no attic at the school	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Investigator	Target_Child	is that the one that 's gon ta have puppies	no it 's Lucy	10	4	question	declarative	Weist Emily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you sure you do n't haf ta go potty	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	you	you	53	Investigator	Target_Child	if you eat all the fish you would n't have any friends down there would you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Weist Emily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	horsie	horsie	26	Father	Target_Child	does the horsie have a name Roman	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	you have one right here	no I do n't want that	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	30	Investigator	Target_Child	here we 'll have her sit on your hat	no ca n't sit on hat	9	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	baby	baby	30	Investigator	Target_Child	Roman did this baby have breakfast this morning	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mommy	mommy	32	Father	Target_Child	there 's mommy right	no not mommy	4	3	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		horse	horse	33	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a horse in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	who	who	33	Father	Target_Child	hey Roman who has a bunkbed	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	what did you have for breakfast this morning	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							34	Target_Child	Father	mine	no what kind what kind of ball is this	1	9	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Father	Target_Child	do you have a computer at home	no I do n't have a computer	7	7	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have time	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Father	Target_Child	do you have a sandwich	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	octopus	octopus	41	Father	Target_Child	do you know how many legs an octopus has	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have claws on your feet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	41	Target_Child	Father	no he does n't have duck feet	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	question	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	41	Father	Target_Child	what about his face does he have a beak	no not a beak	9	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	41	Father	Target_Child	I know what he has he has antennae	no he 's not a antennae	8	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	41	Father	Target_Child	does he have fangs	no he has ears	4	4	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	41	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have some money	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	42	Investigator	Target_Child	he has a lot of legs	no that 's he catch	6	5	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Ericka	Ericka	42	Father	Target_Child	can Ericka have some money	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Ericka	Ericka	42	Father	Target_Child	can Ericka have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Father	Target_Child	can you tell us what you had for breakfast this morning	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		wood	wood	45	Investigator	Target_Child	wow there is wood all over the place	no dere 's not	8	4	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	45	Target_Child	Father	we do n't have a dog	no we do n't put it back Roman	6	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	spiders	spider	45	Investigator	Target_Child	you know what we do n't need that because spiders have eight legs	no they do n't no they do n't	13	8	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	46	Investigator	Target_Child	she has a light bright	no she has a light bright	5	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you did n't have any nice dinners	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	you had bad dinners	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	47	Investigator	Target_Child	we all have muscles and bones in our skin	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ghosts	ghost	47	Father	Target_Child	no it means there 's ghosts who live in that house	no it 's skeletons see	11	5	declarative	question	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	friend	friend	47	Investigator	Target_Child	so does does Mike 's friend have just one eye	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	47	Father	Target_Child	why do n't you wait till a few more minutes okay and then we 'll have lunch	no I want some milk now	17	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	47	Father	Target_Child	Roman wait a few more minutes and then we 'll have some	no I do n't wan na	12	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	47	Father	Target_Child	you do n't have a friend	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Father	Daddy can I have something else to eat	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	47	Target_Child	Father	ah I do n't wan na tell her some I I do n't wan na tell her anything else can I have a cookie	no	24	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pictures	picture	47	Father	Target_Child	hey Roman can you look around and see if there 's any pictures that you drew in this kitchen	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	you do have two grandmas	no I mean I have four	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	50	Sister	Target_Child	look it has it on the bottom	no a little bit on the bottom	7	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	yeah and and and I do n't haf ta color that side in	no	13	1	declarative	question	Weist Roman	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	mommy	mommy	51	Investigator	Target_Child	did mommy have a few days off	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		reading	reading	50	Mother	Target_Child	there 's too much reading right now let 's just look at the pictures	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		candy	candy	52	Investigator	Target_Child	so you said there was candy where was the candy was the candy taped to the egg	no no no it was in	17	6	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	scorpions	scorpion	52	Mother	Target_Child	you know what I think that scorpions have four pairs of legs	no they	12	2	declarative	trail	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	fly	fly	52	Mother	Target_Child	does the fly have wings	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	now I have all my things that I need from the store	no you do n't you do n't get your money you gave it to me so I 'm gon ta pay for it for us	12	25	declarative	declarative	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Target_Child	Target_Child	I use to have one of these toys	no	8	1	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Weist Roman	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	mommy	mommy	32	Mother	Target_Child	was mommy having a shower	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do I have a big red mark on my forehead	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you wan na have a pool too	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have breakfast	no but I had dessert	4	5	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	39	Target_Child	Mother	no she 's had enough	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							39	Mother	Target_Child	are all of them yours	no these are mine	5	4	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	40	Investigator	Target_Child	hey I think I have the chicken pox	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	42	Father	Father	do I have teeth	no	4	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	43	Investigator	Target_Child	oh and does it have any feathers on it	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Father	Target_Child	you have another mouse in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	that	that	43	Investigator	Target_Child	but does that have a red heart	no	7	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	43	Investigator	Target_Child	let 's see do I have it here	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	were you having a bad dream	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Target_Child	Father	I do n't have hands	no you do n't do you	5	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	you have a funny little bump on your back horsie	no that 's um someone to ride on me	10	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	44	Father	Target_Child	do you have any elephant did you get any elephant food	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	44	Investigator	Target_Child	they do n't have any medicine	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	45	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's lots of twins here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	45	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have my chocolate milk now	no you can do the numbers that we need	7	9	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	45	Investigator	Target_Child	he does n't have any fur	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		baby	baby	49	Investigator	Target_Child	was there a baby a calf	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							51	Target_Child	Target_Child	her	no how about this be the babysitter	1	7	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	51	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have lunch yet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Investigator	Target_Child	what are you gon ta have today for lunch just cookies	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	52	Investigator	Target_Child	oh those balloons are cool they have turkeys on them	no they have balloons on them	10	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Emma	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	52	Mother	Target_Child	okay so there 's nothing wrong with his mouth	no	9	1	question	declarative	Weist Matty	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		doors	door	25	Mother	Target_Child	how many wow how many doors are there on this house	no	11	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	are we gon ta have dinner at home	no	8	1	question	question	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	28	Investigator	Target_Child	no he does n't have any legs	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	28	Investigator	Target_Child	no they do n't have any legs huh	no	8	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		stickers	sticker	28	Investigator	Target_Child	oh there 's no more stickers left in this one	no	10	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	29	Investigator	Target_Child	no the van does n't have a door does it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't have anything	no	5	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I have Teddy Grahams	no I do n't have any	4	6	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	no I do n't have any	no	6	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't have any	no	5	1	declarative	question	Weist Jillian	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anyone	anyone	30	Investigator	Target_Child	is there anyone else up there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	picture	picture	33	Target_Child	Mother	and the picture of the birdie has her wing broken	no I think her wing looks great	10	7	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	do you have any milkshakes here	no honey I did n't bring any I 'm sorry but we 'll go home very soon	6	17	question	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	no Jilly this is n't the type of book that has a story it 's the type of book that that we ask questions and then you answer them	no I do n't wan na ask a question	29	9	declarative	declarative	Weist Jillian	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have the scissors in my lap	no she did n't	8	4	question	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	let me have a bite I want it	no it did n't it 's got molasses in it	8	10	declarative	declarative	Haggerty Helen	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		bottle	bottle	17	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a bottle	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	17	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have the bottle unless you wan na go night night	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	18	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a straw instead to drink from your cup	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	18	Mother	Target_Child	did you have ice+cream	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	she	she	18	Sister	Mother	then maybe she ca n't sometimes have a paper cup or no	no	12	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							19	Sister	Mother	his	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							20	Sister	Mother	your	no	1	1	interruption	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	21	Mother	Mother	you can have a treat too	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	you wo n't have any cereal	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my							22	Target_Child	Mother	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	22	Father	Mother	then you ca n't have the banana	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	please have it in the kitchen because I do n't wan na start a whole	no	15	1	self	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	23	Sister	Mother	you can have jam on it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Target_Child	let me have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		milk	milk	23	Mother	Mother	there 's milk in the	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	you have milk	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Target_Child	Mother	can I have coffee Mummy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		kitty	kitty	23	Target_Child	Father	there 's the kitty	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	have butter	no we do n't have butter on cereal	2	8	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	23	Mother	Target_Child	no we do n't have butter on cereal	no I want toast	8	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mummy	mummy	23	Target_Child	Mother	Mummy have glasses	no Mummy did n't have	3	5	declarative	self	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	23	Target_Child	Mother	D Daddy have glasses	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my	n't					25	Sister	Mother	and my not in my meeting you wo n't	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you have some more	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	I	I	26	Mother	Mother	oh I have so much to do this is	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you have anything to say while you 're playing	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	have more	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have some	no we 're out of cones are n't we	5	9	declarative	question	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	26	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have cone	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							26	Target_Child	Mother	that 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	Daddy what you have busy day	no	6	1	question	question	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Sister	Mother	Swww can I have honey on my toast	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Laura	Laura	26	Sister	Mother	does Laura have a cough	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Sister	Target_Child	have a piece of bread Laura	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you had enough too	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	Laura th I could n't be having more trouble with this could I	no no no	13	3	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	you turn the light out so we can have a bedtime	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you did n't have pears	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	she	she	27	Mother	Mother	she did n't have ham	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	she	she	27	Mother	Target_Child	did she have orange+juice	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Target_Child	Mother	we have orange+juice	no	3	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	that 's one mine	no that 's really Dwww 's	4	6	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	27	Mother	Mother	does it have a name	no I was asking you about	5	6	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	27	Father	Mother	we 're having breakfast now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		of	of	we	we	27	Sister	Father	we already of had breakfast	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you still have a whole bowlful of cereal	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Laura	Laura	28	Sister	Mother	because Laura only had two braids	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	I want have it now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Joanna	Joanna	29	Mother	Mother	Joanna has a different job but this is a hard job that I expect Laura to do today	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	are you gon ta have breakfast with us or not Laura	no	11	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							30	Target_Child	Father	her	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	rest	rest	30	Mother	Target_Child	well the rest of us are having dinner and this is the only time we plan to serve it	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Sister	Target_Child	can I have half	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Sister	Mother	just because we carrots does n't mean we haf ta have carrots	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you ever have any trouble with her	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		knife	knife	32	Father	Mother	there 's a knife	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		milk	milk	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's some milk	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	she	she	32	Sister	Mother	but she wo n't haf ta wait	no she wants the one out of the	7	8	interruption	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	did you have your injections then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that too	no	5	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	you having a little trouble	no I not	5	3	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	Lwww	Lwww	37	Mother	Target_Child	Lwww did n't have any helpers	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta show part of her little legs	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't haf ta	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta but I gotta say good night to you now	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							37	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no just keep it	3	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	why are you sorry you have such a big family	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Rwww	rwww	40	Sister	Mother	did Rwww have twins	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	she	she	41	Sister	Mother	but could n't she have just a little present on her half birthday	no	13	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		dolls	doll	41	Sister	Target_Child	there 's two dolls there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Sister	Target_Child	do you have a spoon in your purse	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	you haf ta	no	3	1	self	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any baby 's in your real family	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							47	Sister	Target_Child	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	you have special time	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	50	Mother	Mother	can you have cake on the diet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Mother	only been waiting to have balloon	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	51	Sister	Father	if she wants I can say if she if if she has ta	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	51	Sister	Mother	I frostie that Daddy had on his case	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Father	Father	you have a	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	and did you did you have a fight with her	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	glass	glass	51	Mother	Target_Child	does this glass have as much water as that glass has	no	11	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	has this glass this little glass have the same amount as this clear tall glass	no	15	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	you can have tortilla if you want	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		scratch	scratch	55	Target_Child	Mother	is there a scratch	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	55	Mother	Target_Child	I I have trouble explaining it to you Laura	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	70	Visitor	Target_Child	did you did did you have a good tooth over	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	58	Target_Child	Mother	do you have tape in the den	no	7	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you have the wrong number	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Target_Child	Target_Child	this is and you have the wrong number	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		must	must	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you must have the wrong number	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		lots	lot	58	Mother	Target_Child	there 're lots of little bugs running round on the ground	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	what kind of buggy did you have in mind	no	9	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	do I have the same as in the brown cup	no	10	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	now do I have the same amount of water as I had	no	12	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	but do n't I have the same amount of water even if I put it in the other cup	no	19	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	do I have the same amount of water	no	8	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you have the same amount	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	17	Mother	Target_Child	may I have the nail please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a poo potty	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Target_Child	Target_Child	have some	no no wan na	2	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	me	I	22	Target_Child	Target_Child	only me have it	no take me	4	3	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Mother	Sue look have piece of gum	no it 's all gone	6	5	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	25	Target_Child	Mother	he have tail	no that 's not a tail	3	6	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	could I have apple	no I 'm making dinner	4	5	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	could I have banna	no	4	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	so I have a tummy+ache	no you wo n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							32	Target_Child	Mother	yours	no yours	1	2	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	40	Target_Child	Mother	are we having a nice morning	no	6	1	question	declarative	Braunwald Laura	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	45	Adult	Target_Child	I think we should have two cakes	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Amy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	44	Adult	Target_Child	we can have twinkies for breakfast is that okay	no	9	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	44	Adult	Target_Child	have you ever had the chicken pox	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Ben	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	45	Adult	Target_Child	they do n't haf ta wear something	no they do n't do it	7	6	question	declarative	VanKleeck Brent	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Adult	Target_Child	do you have any brothers and sisters	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Chris	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	46	Adult	Target_Child	there 's nothing on the plate to eat	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	VanKleeck Chris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	37	Adult	Target_Child	do you have blocks at home	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Jenny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	me	I	37	Adult	Target_Child	me have play dough for snack	no not right now	6	4	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Jenny	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bit	bit	44	Adult	Target_Child	oh there 's just a little bit left	no a bunch	8	3	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Adult	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta have one more cup of coffee	no that 's juice	10	4	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Jessica	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Adult	Target_Child	do you have any orange juice	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Justin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Adult	Target_Child	let 's have it at the farm	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	VanKleeck Justin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Adult	Target_Child	you do n't wan na have a party	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							47	Adult	Target_Child	is the white mine	no	4	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	42	Adult	Target_Child	do you have a house like that at school	no	9	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Nikki	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							47	Adult	Target_Child	is that like yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Megan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	47	Adult	Target_Child	does she have black eyes	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Megan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	47	Adult	Target_Child	do you have a dog	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Megan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	47	Adult	Target_Child	he had a wreck	no	4	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	47	Adult	Target_Child	do you have a cold	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Matt	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	43	Adult	Target_Child	do n't you have a baby at home	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	43	Adult	Target_Child	does he have a birthday too	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							43	Adult	Target_Child	yours	no	1	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	43	Adult	Target_Child	do you have a baby at home	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	43	Adult	Target_Child	do you have one like it at home	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Adult	Target_Child	do you have any dogs or cats	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Walter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	44	Adult	Target_Child	does he have on a little skirt	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	44	Adult	Target_Child	okay is there something else you want	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	44	Adult	Target_Child	have you ever had a baby+sitter	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Shea	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	44	Adult	Target_Child	do you have a favorite tv show shea	no	8	1	question	declarative	VanKleeck Shea	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		socks	sock	21	Mother	Target_Child	now look at there 's some socks	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have a telephone that looks like that now do we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	do we have one of those	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Mother	let 's see do we have one more page	no that 's it	9	4	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	35	Target_Child	Mother	yeah it has that thing on the bottom	no you know what that thing 's called down there	8	10	declarative	question	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		child	child	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a child who plays with all these things	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	yours	yours	36	Mother	Target_Child	yours does n't have a bowl	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah we have one of those	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any idea what this is	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		somebody	somebody	36	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's somebody driving this car	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a nose problem	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	have we ever had turkey before	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	36	Mother	Target_Child	so do you know what they eat when they do n't have bread	no	13	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything that makes him different than everybody else	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	does he have different feet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Mother	Target_Child	does he have different eyes	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	we can have gummie after we 're done reading the books okay	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	no I have n't we have n't had one around our house have we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any questions about the kitties	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	have gum	no we 're not going to have gum	2	8	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some more mommy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	what book do we have where the man tips the dumper	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	we have a couple more pages	no I do n't wan na sit on that on the couch	6	12	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	and we can have a snack on the couch	no no I wan na have a snack on the purple chair	9	12	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a doll at home	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	Firstname	Firstname	33	Mother	Target_Child	I think Firstname would have fun	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Firstname	Firstname	33	Mother	Target_Child	does Firstname have a baby	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no that 's not yours	3	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	men	man	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't men usually have moustaches	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Firstname	Firstname	30	Mother	Target_Child	does Firstname have toy trucks	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Firstname	Firstname	32	Mother	Target_Child	and does Firstname have hands	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't have any hands	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	32	Mother	Target_Child	but she could n't help bake them because she has no hands	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	mommy	mommy	29	Mother	Target_Child	does mommy have a mustache	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		books	book	29	Mother	Target_Child	are there any little girl books on the shelf	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have a big chair like that in your bedroom do you	no I have a different chair	14	6	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	55	Mother	Target_Child	we we do n't have very much more to read so can you tell me what you think	no	18	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		firefighters	firefighter	55	Mother	Target_Child	are there any any firefighters that are little old grammas	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	56	Mother	Mother	she has yellow hair	no that 's orange hair	4	5	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	you have a um Arthur doll	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Mother	do you have a driver 's license	no that 's right	7	4	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have any toy trucks at school	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	48	Mother	Target_Child	yeah he has a red truck does n't he	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	daddy	daddy	58	Target_Child	Mother	but daddy does n't have a long beard like that	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Gelman nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		boys	boy	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember if there were any boys there too	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	58	Mother	Target_Child	do you think if we had a friend who had a race car do you think we could be a race car driver	no	23	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		track	track	72	Mother	Target_Child	did you know there 's a race track near where we live	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gelman nan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have	no but you 've got some on your face	4	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset Heather	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I have that	no you ca n't have that	3	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset Brandon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want have it	no you haf ta wait	4	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset Anthony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Anthony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	let me have it	no no Baby	4	3	declarative	declarative	Morisset Cassie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	whaddya	whaddya	30	Mother	Target_Child	had a whaddya have for breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Morisset Shell	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Chrystal	Chrystal	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a drink Chrystal	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Shell	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have uh some juice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Morisset Shell	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you can have it later	no I want it	5	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	no you come over here and stand and you can have your cookie in a little bit okay	no I want it	18	4	question	declarative	Morisset Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							30	Target_Child	Mother	that her 's	no that 's some juice for the baby	3	8	question	declarative	Morisset Travis	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	have that cookie	no that 's all	3	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Sissy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	come on you wan na have a snack	no	8	1	question	declarative	Morisset Tonisha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mommy	Mommy	30	Mother	Mother	can Mommy have a bite of a cookie	no	8	1	question	question	Morisset Mandi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	39	Mother	Mother	do I have any food on my plate yet	no	9	1	question	declarative	Morisset Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		horsies	horsie	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's horsies	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I have it	no you ca n't have that	3	6	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							30	Target_Child	Mother	that yours	no you can have some too	2	6	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	do ya wan na have some snacks	no	7	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mom	mom	30	Mother	Mother	Mom have a cookie	no no no do n't eat it	4	7	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one of your cookies	no	7	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		juice	juice	30	Mother	Mother	there 's some juice	no you do n't put that in cup you 're a big girl now	4	14	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's go have some	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	does this mean I do n't haf ta take you out to lunch	no	13	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no just wait	3	3	declarative	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	want ta have a party	no	5	1	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some hot cocoa please	no it 's coffee	7	4	question	declarative	Morisset nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		coffee	coffee	30	Target_Child	Mother	there 's not coffee	no	4	1	question	declarative	Morisset Rashawnda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I had it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Jenny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	but you ca n't have it for a few m	no you ca n't have it for a few minutes	10	10	trail	declarative	Morisset Amanda	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	wait until Mommy says you can have it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Amanda	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	wait a few more minutes okay and then you can have it	no no wait	12	3	declarative	declarative	Morisset Jake	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	if you play while Mama 's doing this then you can have the cookie	no you have ta play for a little bit	14	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset Mike	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta have it	no not right now	5	4	declarative	declarative	Morisset Renee	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		blocks	block	30	Mother	Target_Child	look there 's some blocks there on the floor	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	I want ta have this	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	let Mommy finish writing this and then you can have it okay	no	12	1	question	declarative	Morisset Brian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a piece	no	5	1	question	declarative	Morisset Brian	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	30	Target_Child	Mother	there 's nothing in it	no that 's all gone you leave that alone	5	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset Brianne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	me	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	me have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Morisset Troy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	and we 'll have this in a little while okay	no	10	1	question	declarative	Morisset Trisha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no you haf ta wait	2	5	declarative	declarative	Morisset Andrew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	have some	no you have some Sweetie	2	5	question	declarative	Morisset Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mama	Mama	30	Mother	Target_Child	Mama has juice too	no I want	4	3	declarative	trail	Morisset Lisa	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's a cookie yeah it 's yours	1	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Morisset David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	go see if you can sit down and play for a minute when Mommy 's done with this then you can have it okay	no	24	1	question	declarative	Morisset Ryan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Target_Child	Mother	do you have a birth+day cake	no I did n't have any birth+day cake	6	8	question	declarative	Morisset Desiree	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	and then you can have it in a minute	no you haf ta wait for a little while	9	9	declarative	declarative	Morisset John	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it on my head	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	I think he has big eyes	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Relative	Target_Child	can I have the whistle	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a puppet show	no no take it off	6	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					24	Target_Child	Target_Child	no mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Friend	Mother	you do n't have any	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you want mommy to have the chair on her hand	no	10	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want me to have it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't want the lamb to have it either	no	10	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a big birthday cake	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	here can I have your foot so I can put your other slipper on	no	14	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some bottle	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Miriam	Miriam	25	Target_Child	Mother	Miriam have a tiger	no Nina got a tiger and Miriam got a fox	4	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	25	Target_Child	Mother	that have snow	no that 's a chimney	3	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a tail	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		clay	clay	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there clay on you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you let Leila have a turn on your bicycle	no	10	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Leila	Leila	25	Target_Child	Mother	no Leila have a turn	no	5	1	declarative	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mommy	Mommy	25	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy have a hat	no Mommy does n't have a hat	4	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		dogs	dog	25	Mother	Target_Child	oh I guess there were n't any dogs yesterday were there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'd	would	you	you	25	Mother	Mother	you 'd have shoes on	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mommy	Mommy	25	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy have a lollipop	no Mommy really does n't want a lollipop	4	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	26	Mother	Target_Child	he has a hat on his hand	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Nina	Nina	26	Target_Child	Mother	Nina have a trunk	no Nina does n't have a trunk	4	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	do you have any clothes on	no no clothes on because it 's warm right	6	9	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		birds	bird	26	Mother	Target_Child	were there birds on the beach	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	have fins right	no she has arms	3	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	lady	lady	27	Target_Child	Mother	a a lady have fins	no a lady has arms	5	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		doll	doll	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a doll sitting over there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	may I have your bottle	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		blocks	block	28	Relative	Mother	there are n't any white blocks	no we ca n't build a white house	6	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	horsies	horsie	28	Target_Child	Mother	horsies have horns	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							29	Target_Child	Mother	her at the hospital	no she is n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	he never had any shoes on I do n't think	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	her	she	29	Target_Child	Mother	her do n't have a paw	no the dog has a paw	6	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a scratch on your arm	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	you have a band aid on both arms	no	8	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	29	Target_Child	Mother	I do have a carriage	no I do n't think we do have a carriage	5	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	he 's mine	no he 's Ari 's	3	5	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you have some teddy bears in your toy box	no	10	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							29	Target_Child	Mother	her in the mud	no this is sand	4	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							29	Target_Child	Mother	her in the mud	no she 's in the sand	4	6	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	because I like to have light when I 'm playing in here	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	we	not					34	Target_Child	Mother	not for us	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		water	water	34	Mother	Target_Child	there was no water was there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	do n't have any clothes you mean	no	7	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	he does n't have any eyes	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	it has windows on this	no it does n't have any windows	5	7	trail	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		table	table	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the kitchen table	no let 's play with them on the other table	5	10	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	35	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll haf ta pretend that we have them	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have any meat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	may I have it	no	4	1	question	trail	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	35	Mother	Target_Child	see if you can find a can that has pictures of corn on it	no	14	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	35	Target_Child	Mother	but this one has corn	no those yellow things are pieces of pineapple	5	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	is that what the doctor said you could have when you had a tummy ache	no he could say that children could have a lollipop and jello okay	15	13	question	question	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	am I gon ta have am I gon ta have some more birthdays	no you had two	13	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have cup cakes	no I had cup cakes yesterday before my birthday	5	9	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Target_Child	Mother	and you can have some sugar on your spaghetti	no I want cheese on my spaghetti please	9	8	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	may I have some more cheese	no that 's all	6	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	here let me have it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't have any food left in the house	no we have	10	3	declarative	trail	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	36	Target_Child	Mother	we did n't have gum	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	just does n't have the walls dividing the rooms up any more	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	did you have fun at Spencer 's house Nina	no	9	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		deer	deer	37	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a Mommy deer and what else	no you ca n't see it	8	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	deers	deer	37	Mother	Target_Child	deers have tails I think	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		curl	curl	37	Mother	Target_Child	see there 's a curl right up here that you haf ta comb out	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		box	box	37	Grandmother	Target_Child	oh there 's still another box there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	lem me have him	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		box	box	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a special box of furniture some where	no	12	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	hand	hand	38	Mother	Target_Child	how can I if my hand has a puppet on it	no that other hand	11	4	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a record	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	38	Target_Child	Mother	do we have do we have a little one too	no we have two big Snoopies	10	6	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	38	Mother	Target_Child	did he have a hat on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	queen	queen	38	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what a queen has	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		drop	drop	38	Target_Child	Mother	see there 's a little drop left	no there is n't	7	4	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	because she wants to eat peanut+butter but can she have peanut+butter	no	11	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	you ca n't have peanut+butter	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	no she has one right here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		plenty	plenty	38	Mother	Target_Child	there 's plenty of water in the bowl	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have a baby	no I do n't have any child	6	7	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	they	they	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	put some water in here so they could have a so so they 're gon ta put their napkins in there	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you sure you do n't haf ta go to the bath+room before going to bed	no	15	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	needle	needle	39	Target_Child	Mother	why do needle have a does this one have a pin too	no that 's an ear+ring	12	5	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	39	Mother	Target_Child	does she have bangs	no	4	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	39	Mother	Mother	does she have a baby	no	5	1	question	declarative	Suppes Nina	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mom	mom	19	Mother	Mother	mom have the car	no	4	1	question	question	Tardif Jesse	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	23	Mother	Target_Child	and he does n't have any shoes on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Corey	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		car	car	23	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's a red car	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		words	word	23	Mother	Target_Child	it was all pictures there 's no words	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Corey	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Target_Child	do n't have a pillow	no	5	1	declarative	question	Tardif Corey	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		pictures	picture	23	Mother	Target_Child	are there any more pictures in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tardif Corey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	21	Mother	Target_Child	here let 's see what else we have	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		frog	frog	21	Mother	Mother	no there was n't a frog in there with that box of toys	no I do n't remember seeing a frog	13	8	declarative	declarative	Tardif Nora	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	are you having fun playing	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Tardif Nora	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	21	Mother	Mother	are you having fun talking on the phone with me	no	10	1	question	question	Tardif Nora	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		birdy	birdy	17	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a birdy	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Nicolas	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a teddy bear at home	no	8	1	question	declarative	Tardif April	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		kite	kite	19	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's a kite	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif April	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	18	Mother	Target_Child	does he have eyes	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tardif Keith	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pencil	pencil	21	Mother	Target_Child	oh look look there 's a pencil and a motorcycle	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	20	Mother	Target_Child	what does she have on her lap	no	7	1	question	declarative	Tardif Melissa	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		time	time	20	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's no more time	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Melissa	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta take a nap	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Matthew	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		pencils	pencil	19	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no pencils in here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Tardif Michael	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		what	what	19	Mother	Target_Child	what else is there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Tardif Alexander	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	you have one of these	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bliss Terra	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		must	must	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	you must have one name for her	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Bliss Terra	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	59	Investigator	Target_Child	you did n't have french fries	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bliss Terra	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do n't you have a name	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bliss Joel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	face	face	48	Investigator	Target_Child	and you went go and get up and your face had a cold lip	no	14	1	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	48	Investigator	Target_Child	she had a cup full of root beer	no I mean regular beer	8	5	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you do you have a dog now	no but I showed my daddy how I saw the dogs last night	8	13	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	have you ever had a birthday party	no Yeah only one time	7	5	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Cindy	Cindy	60	Investigator	Target_Child	and Cindy had three	no I did	4	3	question	declarative	PetersonMcCabe Mary	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	19	Mother	Mother	can I have it	no	4	1	question	question	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	do you have a cookie	no I do n't have a cookie	5	7	question	declarative	NewEngland James	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	I I does n't have um any toys	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland James	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		eyes	eye	14	Mother	Mother	there 's your eyes	no	4	1	imperative_emphatic	question	NewEngland Nathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	okay well then we have it	no this not push saw	6	5	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Nathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	has the handle like this	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Nathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any strawberry ice cream for me Cookie	no	10	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you do n't have one of these either	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Elizabeth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Katie	Katie	20	Mother	Target_Child	does n't Katie have fishes at her house	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Elizabeth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any cookies	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Elizabeth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	20	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the other one	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Jamie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	well why do n't you come and have some dinner	no I had my dinner	10	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		doggies	doggy	20	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no doggies out there	no	6	1	declarative	question	NewEngland Krystal	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Meg	Meg	14	Mother	Mother	there 's Meg	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	NewEngland Meghan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you haf ta	no	3	1	interruption	declarative	NewEngland Erica	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	20	Mother	Mother	no there 's nothing in the drawers honey	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Erica	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		doggy	doggy	13	Mother	Mother	is there a doggy	no there 's no doggy	4	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Target_Child	Mother	is this mine	no it 's not yours but do you wan na read it	3	12	question	question	NewEngland Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							32	Target_Child	Mother	this yours	no I think it 's theirs	2	6	question	declarative	NewEngland Christopher	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	can I have the papers	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		words	word	27	Mother	Target_Child	see if there are any good words in it	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Liam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	they 're gon ta have dinner now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Margaret	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you have your cookie	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	butter+fly	butter+fly	32	Target_Child	Mother	butter+fly have a flower	no that 's the bug	4	5	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have the daddy take a nap	no	10	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Andrew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	see anything that you have	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Corrina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	14	Mother	Mother	you can have this one too	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Christina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	20	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the crayon please	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Christina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm sorry you ca n't have the pen	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Christina	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any cookies	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have cookies	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Eleanor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you have candy	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Eleanor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have room for him to sleep do we	no	11	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Lindsay	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	now he 's gon ta have a bite of your nose	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Elena	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	14	Father	Father	had enough	no	2	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	you have plenty of balls at home you can play with	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	30	Mother	Target_Child	do we have a baby at our house	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Daniel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	14	Mother	Mother	can I have baa baa	no	5	1	question	question	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		music	music	14	Mother	Mother	there 's no music there	no there 's no music	5	5	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Michael	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you had enough	no that 's not allowed	3	5	question	declarative	NewEngland Michael	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		baby	baby	19	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's the little baby	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Corinna	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	Ady	Ady	33	Mother	Target_Child	you notice Ady does n't have very much hair does he	no	11	1	question	declarative	NewEngland David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Matthew	Matthew	32	Mother	Target_Child	I think Matthew has the cough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		John	John	14	Mother	Mother	is there anything good in there John	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a cookie Cookie Monster	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	do you have any cookies little boy	no	7	1	question	question	NewEngland John	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	too bad you ca n't have it	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Anne	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	14	Investigator	Mother	she has these whole conversations	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Joanna	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a room like that	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewEngland Kate	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have a book like this at home	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewEngland Max	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		way	way	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no way for them to get in	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	NewEngland Max	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mummy	mummy	22	Mother	Target_Child	but mummy had her feet on it and you had ta ask nicely	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Father	Father	are we gon ta have a thank you Lara	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	22	Father	Target_Child	daddy have a kiss night night	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	do n't have a paddy	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		be	be	Emma	Emma	23	Mother	Target_Child	Emma might be having a baby today	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		be	be	Abi	Abi	23	Mother	Target_Child	Abi might be having a sister	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that popper	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my popper back	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my popper back	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		tractor	tractor	23	Mother	Mother	there is n't a tractor on that one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	23	Mother	Target_Child	you 've had a wash anyway	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		must	must	daddy	daddy	24	Mother	Target_Child	think daddy must have the page	no mummy ca n't find it	6	6	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	25	Father	Mother	we do n't have lollipops for afters after breakfast	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a lollipop at dinnertime	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	if you do a wee wee on your potty you can have a chocolate	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Father	I have lollipop	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Father	Target_Child	you sit there while mummy brings it and have a look and see if you want it	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	have bit	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	have a chocky	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	25	Target_Child	Father	daddy have one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss please Lara	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Mother	do n't haf ta put it down	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a poo at nursery today	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Target_Child	have some dinner	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no that Postman Pat	5	4	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	26	Mother	Target_Child	is there not enough room	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you 're not having my fingers	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		room	room	26	Mother	Mother	there is n't enough room	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	26	Mother	Mother	you can have it tomorrow	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		look	look	26	Mother	Mother	there 's a five look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Father	Target_Child	can I have them back please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		gotta	gotta	you	you	26	Father	Target_Child	you 've gotta have your nappie changed if you wan na go to bed	no	14	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	26	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mummy	mummy	27	Mother	Target_Child	can mummy have a cup of tea	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	27	Mother	Mother	you 've had your snack	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	eat this piece of toast and then you can have all your toys	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	27	Mother	Mother	I 'll have the big one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I I will have a look	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some red ones	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Grandmother	Mother	are n't sunflowers spos ta have black centres	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	'm	be	I	I	30	Mother	Mother	I 'm not having you playing with it	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	you 're not having it just to play with	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		better	well	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	er and better have baby tiger on top of this tiger	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some a biscuit please	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I have it	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm having my dinner	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	so while you have a story turn the light on	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Father	Target_Child	can I have that story	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a bite	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	do n't you wan na have a look at the j	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look at the back of your jumper	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Target_Child	Mother	we having these	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		dip	dip	30	Father	Father	apart from apart from you see the one where there 's a dip	no there	13	2	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	31	Target_Child	Target_Child	we both having a snack	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	you 've finished have you	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	we 're going to have a green spotted dinosaur look	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	let me have your juice then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	when you finished that can I can I have it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pen	pen	31	Mother	Mother	there 's your pen	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	has it	no let me have it all	2	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	can I have this one	no that 's that 's too big	5	7	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	have a little bit of that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have jam tomorrow	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Target_Child	Mother	I have this	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the glue	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Target_Child	Father	can I have a little bit	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		hippos	hippos	31	Mother	Father	there are hippos coming	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Target_Child	Mother	you have all them	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	can I have some chocolate please Lara	no	7	1	question	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a cake	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a nappie	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Target_Child	Mother	had my hot milk	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	king	king	31	Mother	Target_Child	the king and queen were having dinner so everyone went to sleep right where they were	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		sweeties	sweety	32	Mother	Target_Child	are there any sweeties in the basket	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some cake	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	can we have some cake	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a go	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Target_Child	has she	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Father	Father	shall we have a look	no no no no no	5	5	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me to have that one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Mother	let me have it back now please Lara and play farm	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having any more until you 've finished that	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	32	Father	Mother	did you have the tiger on your back	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	me	I	32	Target_Child	Father	can me have that	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	please can I have some	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	32	Grandfather	Target_Child	shall we have egg first and then have toast	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	sheep	sheep	32	Mother	Target_Child	sheep 's having a ride	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	32	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't we have the squirrel in the tree	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a pretty jumper	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Father	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I told you I I wan na get a can I have that	no	13	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	32	Mother	Target_Child	he can have pizza as well	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	come and have your gingerbread men	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	I wan na have a ride please	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Mother	Target_Child	or is he going to have a lie down over there	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Mother	have a look at the front of the book and I 'll tell you what it 's called	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Amy	Amy	33	Mother	Mother	can Amy have a little one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	33	Mother	Mother	I think there 's something to read	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	just have your socks	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	why have can I have these	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	33	Father	Target_Child	or are we just having a cuddle	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	can I have cuddle	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Ink	Ink	33	Target_Child	Mother	there 's Impy Ink	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	we can both have a pen	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you can have blue	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Mother	Mother	I thought we had enough now	no	6	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	are you having a cup of tea	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							33	Target_Child	Mother	this is mine really is it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that bit	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss good night	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some birthday cake	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Father	Target_Child	daddy 's going to go and have a sleep now because he 's been awake all night	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't we go and have a bath	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		book	book	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there another coloring book instead	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	have a look at them all and you haf ta pick up the biggest each time	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I have pen and paper	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a drink	no that 's mummy 's vitamin drink	5	7	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		paper	paper	34	Father	Father	there 's some paper	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	the teddy+bear and the baby are going to have a picnic	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have two	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	have they	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	34	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't haf ta go in the ambulance though does she	no	12	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have chocolate at bedtime	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	please can I have mummy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	please can I have a go on the swing	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	boy	boy	34	Mother	Target_Child	the little boy 's having a go on the swing	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	34	Mother	Mother	ladybirds do n't have tails do they	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	Lara you can have that one later after tea	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	34	Mother	Mother	which one shall I have	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	let me have sharp knife	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have my sweeties	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember before we had Amy	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	some	some	34	Target_Child	Mother	does Amy some have some of my bread	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a bigger knife	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	put it on the table and he can have it when he gets home	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Father	can I have a drink	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Father	have a little little bit	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Father	have pen now	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	please can I have another one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	he	he	34	Mother	Target_Child	he can have a sleep in a cup if he wants to sleep	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	34	Mother	Mother	finish your sandwiches and then we can have a biscuit or something	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	give me my money and you can have the pizza and chips back	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	34	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm just having this	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	I think I 'm gon ta have another sandwich	no no no	9	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	let me have a look at the sell by date	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	did n't have any what	no I mean from the sideboard	5	6	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	she	she	35	Target_Child	Mother	she ca n't have my toys	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							35	Mother	Target_Child	that 's that 's yours	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Target_Child	Mother	this is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Amy	Amy	35	Mother	Mother	and then Amy can have some as well	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	35	Father	Father	you ca n't have her	no	5	1	self	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	we	we	35	Mother	Mother	we 're not having chips	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Father	Father	have you had a sleep this afternoon	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		better	well	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	she you better have your sleep now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Lara	Lara	35	Father	Father	can Lara have some ice+cream	no she said	5	3	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	35	Mother	Father	Lara you 've had enough ice+cream	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I have er some cake	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some more of that then	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my cake now	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Mother	Target_Child	mine mine mine mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	pour some on to a plate for me and then you can have yours back	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	neither	neither	35	Mother	Mother	neither of us can have any Rice Crispies now	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							35	Target_Child	Mother	that 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Target_Child	Mother	this is mine and that 's yours	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	she	she	35	Target_Child	Mother	she ca n't have more of these	no	7	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I 'll have a look for it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't have any	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	she	she	35	Target_Child	Mother	is she having some Ribena	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	no you have n't have you Amy	no you have n't	7	4	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	35	Mother	Mother	what shall I have please Mr Farmer	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	what else can I can I have these	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I have another cow	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	35	Grandmother	Target_Child	does he have it in the blue bowl	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	have another one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you wan na have a look and see what happens to the cheese	no	15	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	shall I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I have that banana	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		me	I	35	Mother	Father	there 's me	no no no no no	3	5	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Mother	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I have your scissors	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	36	Father	Target_Child	have n't you had your breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	36	Father	Father	you 've had your breakfast	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	just having a rest	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Mother	can you have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	36	Mother	Mother	I thought we had three pinks	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	36	Mother	Target_Child	she can have this one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Amy	Amy	36	Target_Child	Mother	after Amy 's had her bottle	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	I have n't had a bath	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	we 're having a cuddle Amy	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	shall we go and have a bath	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	I know it 's not a bed but you 're having a sleep are n't you	no	16	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	she	she	36	Mother	Target_Child	did she have lots of presents	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have two	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	and did you and grandma have pizza yesterday for lunch	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you mean you dropped it on the floor so you did n't haf ta eat it	no	16	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		holes	hole	36	Father	Father	I do n't think there 're any holes in this other foot	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have the cotton	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	come and have a bath then	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	i	36	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have watering cans in my sandpit do I	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	let me have it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a bit of your	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	36	Mother	Mother	she does n't have the bottles now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	but I 'm not going to have a biscuit	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cheese	cheese	36	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the cheese	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	36	Target_Child	Target_Child	we 've lots of animals	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		ca	can	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	if I finished doing this then we can have lunch ca n't we	no	13	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it please	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Mother	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Mother	having a go	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I have more	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	37	Mother	Target_Child	daddy has ta what	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look then	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Father	do you wan na have another go Lara	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some ice+cream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta have this	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	have music on	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	37	Father	Target_Child	do you have a pair of trousers for me	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Father	Target_Child	can I have a tshirt please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I have these bits	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							37	Mother	Target_Child	they 're mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	shall I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	has this one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	37	Target_Child	Mother	there 's lots of things on my table	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	37	Mother	Mother	and I 'll have the yellow	no	6	1	declarative	question	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look if you 've got one then	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	can I have the red cards	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	you can have the blue cards	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	that	that	37	Mother	Mother	does that have that sign	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	she	she	37	Target_Child	Mother	she ca n't have this red	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	37	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have money	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Target_Child	Mother	wo n't let me have any balls	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Amy	Amy	37	Mother	Target_Child	can Amy have an animals before she goes ballistic	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	but I want the other cow that I just had	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	you can have squirrel instead	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not letting her have nobody here	no	8	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		shall	shall	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	what 's for shall we have our pizza for our lunch	no	11	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		sticker	sticker	38	Mother	Mother	there was only one sock sticker	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Mother	Target_Child	can I have this blue	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	i	38	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't haf ta get up do I	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	she	she	38	Mother	Target_Child	she 's having a cuddle	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you not having a bickie	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have two	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	and then I have another one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you you do n't haf ta see Barbie	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	go and have a look at the apples in our fruit+bowl	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you can have an apple if you want	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							38	Target_Child	Mother	that one 's yours and that one 's mine	no that one 's mine	9	5	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	I want you to have that one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a bread+stick	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Elephant	Elephant	38	Mother	Mother	there 's only one Eddy Elephant	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Target_Child	Mother	have another one	no	3	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							38	Mother	Target_Child	that 's yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you did n't have a sleep	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	are	be	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having real big sleep are you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you have a sleep on the sofa	no	10	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	38	Target_Child	Mother	she can have this	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		queen	queen	38	Mother	Mother	there was once a queen	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		horse	horse	38	Target_Child	Mother	there 's horse	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	just having a little sleep on the train	no no no	8	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	you can have it on if you want	no thank you	8	3	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Mother	let 's have a look	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can mummy just can I have that	no	7	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have them	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	38	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you can have any more biscuit	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	38	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm having this	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							38	Mother	Mother	might be mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a wee	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	now Amy 's got it and I ca n't have it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a biscuit	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	38	Mother	Target_Child	there 's only this one here left	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have one of these because need ta mend the car	no	12	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Amy	Amy	39	Target_Child	Mother	can Amy have a breadstick	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	she	she	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	she can have Squirrel Nutkin	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a ring	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a drink please	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	can you have some apple juice	no	6	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	39	Mother	Mother	you 're not having Lara 's penguins	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	can you have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	can you have a sniffy	no	5	1	question	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you have those two	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	I	I	39	Target_Child	Mother	I have n't had any go	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Lara Lara	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Ben	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		milk	milk	20	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's no more milk for you	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	you have a little one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Cameron	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							26	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	ma	ma	27	Target_Child	Target_Child	no ma have it	no ma have it	4	4	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have blister	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	it have it on	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have blister	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Charlotte	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		cant	cant	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	cant have any	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Target_Child	its mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							29	Target_Child	Target_Child	its my my strawberries	no its my strawberries	4	4	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have my pair	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	its							29	Target_Child	Target_Child	its its my size	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	its	not					31	Target_Child	Target_Child	no its not	no that 's my cracker	3	5	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's another one	no I want stay in my room	4	7	declarative	declarative	Davis Georgia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	no	NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	no have things	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Hannah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Hannah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							23	Target_Child	Target_Child	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Target_Child	you have some more	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Nate	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Paxton	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							14	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine mine mine mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							17	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							18	Target_Child	Target_Child	yours	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					19	Target_Child	Target_Child	no mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							19	Target_Child	Target_Child	yours	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							19	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rebecca	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine mine mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rowan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no no	1	2	declarative	declarative	Davis Rowan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							28	Target_Child	Target_Child	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Davis Rowan	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	23	Father	Father	is there anything wrong asked grandpa	no I 'm okay said baby bear	6	7	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		camel	camel	25	Father	Target_Child	okay there 's camel right and all the animals out	no no no no	10	4	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	25	Father	Target_Child	they they had their bagels already	no	6	1	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a telephone	no	5	1	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	he	he	25	Mother	Target_Child	I think he might have a dirty diaper	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Father	Target_Child	wanta have piece of pea soup pidup too	no	8	1	question	declarative	Feldman Steven	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	41	Investigator	Mother	something wrong is there	no it 's for me	4	5	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you like do you have a doctors kit	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	she	she	45	Investigator	Target_Child	did she did she have some juice	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Mother	do you have a party	no but it 's all finished	5	6	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	you had four on it did n't you	no I 'd two	8	4	question	declarative	Belfast Johnny	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	40	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's not very much room in there is there	no all them animals	10	4	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Investigator	Mother	if you 've things to get on with I mean I do n't wan na keep you	no it 's okay	17	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	clown	clown	41	Investigator	Target_Child	the clown the clown 'll have the umbrella	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you ever have a shower	no I 'm scared of the shower	6	7	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do we do we let Ethan have the the elephant	no I 'm having the all animals	10	7	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	41	Investigator	Target_Child	and he has an umbrella on too	no he could n't	7	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a tape recorder	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		water	water	41	Investigator	Target_Child	so is there some water there	no he drinked it all	6	5	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	grannys	granny	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do your grannys have cats	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have porridge for breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							41	Investigator	Target_Child	is that like yours	no mine 's just melt	4	5	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		cows	cow	43	Investigator	Target_Child	were there any cows at Streamvale	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	so did you have a little bag of of food to give them	no there was n't a wee bag of food	13	9	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		cage	cage	43	Investigator	Target_Child	and is there a cage with lots of ice in it through there	no I do n't want Ethan to get it	13	9	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	42	Investigator	Mother	does she have a husband who 's about a lot or is he off	no her husband works in Ballymena	14	6	trail	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	have you ever had a cough or sore ears	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	she	she	45	Investigator	Target_Child	did she have any of these things to look at the eye with	no she did n't	13	4	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	do you ha do you have things like this in playschool	no	11	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a fish at at playschool	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	yes do you have a cat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	45	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have any friends with cats	no when I 'm a big girl when I 'm the big girl I got one of them dogs	7	19	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	45	Investigator	Target_Child	then she has Mummy_Bear 's porridge does she like that	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	we	we	45	Investigator	Target_Child	have we had that one before	no no we have n't	6	5	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Ethan	Ethan	45	Investigator	Target_Child	there is that Ethan	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	will you have some pills	no I have at the minute	5	6	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		aeroplane	aeroplane	47	Investigator	Target_Child	there is that an aeroplane	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have any of those big bricks	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	and do you have any do you have a zoo at school at nursery	no do n't be silly	14	5	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you do you um have any Duplo at school like this	no I do n't think so	12	6	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have any Lego	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Courtney	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Mother	do you have connections down there	no not really	6	3	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	she	she	29	Investigator	Mother	does she have cousins her age or are they all	no she 's got a cousin who 's eight Leanne have n't you	10	13	trail	question	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have porridge for your breakfast	no I do n't like porridge	7	6	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	ah dear so next time you have a balloon you haf ta be really careful not to open a window	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		video	video	32	Investigator	Mother	I do n't know if there is a video of it actually	no I have n't	12	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	did they have those wee hats on	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he had a good night 's sleep	no I think I think him going to go to sleep again with his bunny rabbit	10	16	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you think maybe he 's having his breakfast	no that 's food	9	4	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		pin	pin	33	Target_Child	Mother	and that there 's a rolling pin	no that 's just the handle of the pot that bit there see	7	13	declarative	question	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	35	Investigator	Mother	I never had one of those	no I never had one of them either	6	8	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		things	thing	35	Mother	Mother	well there 's still some things you could could get confused about	no Rachel still calls hot cold and cold hot	12	9	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		geese	geese	35	Mother	Target_Child	there was geese	no	3	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		swans	swan	35	Mother	Target_Child	was there any swans the last time you went to the duck pond	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	35	Investigator	Mother	have you ever ever had pets	no I 'm not really into animals are you	6	9	question	question	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	38	Investigator	Target_Child	and does it have any bows on it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Mother	did you have any trouble getting	no and I really did want that hotel	6	8	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have anything on your pasta	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		boys	boy	38	Target_Child	Mother	eh one there was n't any boys or girls	no there was n't any boys	9	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Rachel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Investigator	Mother	are you going to have her in the back with you	no I mean when I pass the test	11	8	question	declarative	Belfast Rhiannon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	granny	granny	30	Investigator	Target_Child	does your granny have a cat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Rhiannon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	52	Investigator	Target_Child	you gon ta have some lunch	no	6	1	question	declarative	Belfast Christian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	52	Investigator	Target_Child	and they have this in nursery school do they	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Christian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	52	Investigator	Target_Child	they have it in the big school	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Christian	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		clouds	cloud	52	Investigator	Target_Child	because there are clouds in the sky	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Christian	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	uh he has n't had any hearing problems	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	is there anything you wan na ask or anything	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Target_Child	I wonder has that something to do with lifting this up	no the books	11	3	question	question	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	26	Investigator	Target_Child	is he crying because he does n't have any crisps	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	we	we	31	Investigator	Target_Child	will we have a look at these	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	he	he	32	Investigator	Target_Child	he ca n't have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Mother	I 'm sure you do n't haf ta think about him anymore	no	12	1	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	41	Target_Child	Mother	can I have something	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	you do n't haf ta wear them	no you do n't haf ta	7	6	question	declarative	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	47	Mother	Mother	oh we usually have a wee stitch open in it	no I had a big	10	5	declarative	self	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	47	Investigator	Mother	I do n't have fifty friends to invite	no neither do I but	8	5	declarative	trail	Belfast David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Child	Child	no one two three four and I had one two three	no I had two three	11	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	41	Investigator	Mother	but he 's he 's has Jim got brown eyes	no he 's got greeny eyes	10	6	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	because I 'm sure you have n't had your lunch yet have you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	did	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	did you not have a picnic at Granny 's	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	did you have sandwiches	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	46	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe they do n't have names do they	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		baddie	baddie	46	Investigator	Target_Child	was there a big baddie in it	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	46	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think there is something happens is there not	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Investigator	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have it	no this is the pirate	3	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	52	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a whole lot of horsies missing	no the black they were them	8	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							52	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no the lady 's	1	4	question	declarative	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bits	bit	53	Mother	Mother	is there any white bits	no	5	1	question	question	Belfast Stuart	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have some sugar please	no we have no sugar	6	5	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have any have any bread	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a car seat in your car	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	33	Investigator	Target_Child	did it have any bows on it	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	well do you have any cousins over in England Scotland	no	10	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Mummy	Mummy	42	Investigator	Target_Child	did they um did the Mummy have a bath	no	9	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have time afterwards	no this is mine	6	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Investigator	Mother	well I 've forty people coming next Thursday night	no	9	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Mother	do you have him in beside you	no he 's in his own room from he was five weeks	7	12	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	43	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have make+up	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mummie	mummie	43	Investigator	Target_Child	no I bet your mummie never has the time like me	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	could	could	you	you	30	Investigator	Mother	och no you could n't have that	no it was too much	7	5	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		has	have	dolly	dolly	30	Investigator	Mother	has this wee dolly had its hair cut	no it 's just I do n't know	8	8	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Investigator	Mother	have you no high chair	no	5	1	question	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Investigator	Mother	I was wondering now if I have one of them	no well my aunt 's going to bring me one over	10	11	declarative	declarative	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	47	Investigator	Mother	do you have one of these	no	6	1	question	trail	Belfast Barbara	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		problem	problem	44	Investigator	Mother	passed his hearing text and there 's no problem	no he 's had a perforated ear when he was	9	10	question	self	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to have some lunch	no I only wan na play with these	7	8	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	45	Investigator	Target_Child	do they have bikes	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Diplodocus	Diplodocus	48	Investigator	Target_Child	Diplodocus is there not	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	48	Target_Child	Mother	well she has these many too	no she	6	2	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		key	key	48	Mother	Target_Child	Conor there 's no key on it	no it 's only magic one	7	6	declarative	declarative	Belfast Conor	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Investigator	Target_Child	have you	no	2	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	well do you have a cage for Paddy	no	8	1	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		gelatin	gelatin	54	Target_Child	Mother	is there gelatin in the strawberries	no there 's not sweetheart	6	5	question	declarative	Belfast Conor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Mother	have you any plans for the holidays	no we 're going to get this place organized	7	9	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	I bet you you do n't have a train set do you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you had fish the last time I was here did you	no no	15	2	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Investigator	Mother	well have you any other holidays planned then for July and August	no no	12	2	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		wolves	wolf	34	Father	Target_Child	there 's wolves in there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	37	Investigator	Mother	are you having one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Investigator	Mother	I do n't think you had those the last day I was here did you	no she maybe she did n't right enough	15	8	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		problems	problem	37	Investigator	Mother	so there was no problems then	no none of them cried not one	6	7	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	have you had enough	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							37	Mother	Target_Child	is that yours Michelle	no	4	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	39	Investigator	Mother	did you have time to	no no	5	2	trail	imperative_emphatic	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Investigator	Mother	have you	no I cleaned it earlier on	2	6	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Investigator	Target_Child	you have two turtles	no we do n't know where the other one is	4	10	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	47	Investigator	Target_Child	and are you going to have this one this one and this one	no	13	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							47	Investigator	Target_Child	mine	no it 's mine	1	4	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		kitchen	kitchen	50	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a wee kitchen like yours	no	7	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		sort	sort	50	Investigator	Target_Child	are there not sort of are there not clothes for you to dress up in	no	15	1	question	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		plenty	plenty	50	Investigator	Target_Child	of course there are plenty of other things to do	no but I will just ask my mummie	10	8	declarative	declarative	Belfast Michelle	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a candy	no she did n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Bates Sue	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not going to have a snack	no	8	1	question	declarative	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	gon ta have a bite	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Bates Amy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	they	they	28	Mother	Target_Child	can you drive your people back in the car and they can have dinner too	no	15	1	question	declarative	Bates Rick	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		birds	bird	28	Mother	Target_Child	are there any birds out there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Bates Betty	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		seeds	seed	28	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I think there 's probably seeds in each of them	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Bates Chuck	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	20	Mother	Target_Child	he has a sponge bed	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Bates Doug	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	28	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't know if we 'll have enough people for all of them	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	do you want him to have a tea party	no	9	1	question	declarative	Bates Nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	28	Mother	Target_Child	then there 's a girl	no that 's the girl	5	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Bates Olivia	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Father	Target_Child	here have some milk Nomi	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		kitty	kitty	20	Father	Target_Child	yes there 's a kitty on that tree	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		truck	truck	23	Mother	Mother	is there a truck	no that 's a frisbee Nomi	4	6	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Father	do you have the shampoo there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	we	we	28	Target_Child	Mother	we 're not having now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					28	Target_Child	Father	that 's not yours	no that 's not mine	4	5	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	those are mine	no they 're not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Mother	Nomi Nomi you do n't have an yet	no not with the spoon	8	5	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	piggie	piggie	31	Target_Child	Father	and piggie had none	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	33	Target_Child	Mother	we have Milo book but Kimmy do n't have it	no Kimmy does n't have a Milo book	10	8	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	birds	bird	33	Mother	Target_Child	do these birds have feet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	35	Mother	Target_Child	I ca n't have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	can I have another one	no just use that sticky honey	5	6	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	they do n't have puzzles at nursery school	no they have	8	3	question	trail	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you think he had any dreams	no	7	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	sandals	sandal	35	Target_Child	Mother	your sandals do n't have red	no that 's right honey	6	5	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll put the book down and then have the oopsie the read it again after you get back	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		face	face	40	Mother	Father	you told me there was a face that was scaring you Naomi	no sweetheart you misunderstood her Jacqueline	12	6	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	parents	parent	39	Father	Target_Child	and all parents have children but not all adults are parents	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	name	name	39	Mother	Target_Child	Nomi does your name have an o in it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		reason	reason	41	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no reason to just fool around about it always fight about it	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Sachs Naomi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na have somebody come in here and talk with them	no	12	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	55	Mother	Target_Child	did it make you shy to have Louise there	no	9	1	question	declarative	Sachs Naomi	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	is		there		cookie	cookie	17	Father	Target_Child	there is a cookie too here	no	6	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		recorder	recorder	17	Father	Target_Child	yes there is Daddy 's tape recorder	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Father	Target_Child	have some coke	no	3	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		leaf	leaf	18	Father	Target_Child	there is the leaf of it	no no	6	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	car	car	18	Father	Target_Child	that car has a tire	no no	5	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		train	train	18	Relative	Father	there is no train yet	no	5	1	question	declarative	Peters Seth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	18	Father	Target_Child	you have orange juice	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		soap	soap	21	Father	Target_Child	there is the soap	no	4	1	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		soap	soap	21	Father	Target_Child	there is the soap	no	4	1	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Father	Target_Child	have a bite	no	3	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Father	Target_Child	I have ice+cream	no	3	1	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		jelly	jelly	21	Father	Target_Child	and there is jelly in there	no no	6	2	trail	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		branches	branch	22	Father	Target_Child	there are the branches	no no	4	2	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		flower	flower	22	Father	Target_Child	there is that flower	no no	4	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Father	Target_Child	gon ta have supper here	no no	5	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		window	window	22	Father	Target_Child	there is the window	no no	4	2	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Father	Target_Child	you have a	no no	3	2	trail	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	23	Father	Father	either you have a cut or an infection in your	no	10	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Father	Father	here I want you to have a bite	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Father	Target_Child	want you to have a bite of that	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	stone	stone	24	Father	Target_Child	that stone has letters right up there	no	7	1	declarative	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		egg	egg	25	Father	Father	is there egg in there	no	5	1	question	question	Peters Seth	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	kids	kid	28	Mother	Target_Child	some dog kids I know have dogs too	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	McMillan Rachel	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	60	Teacher	Target_Child	well do you have another story you wan na tell	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		Hansel	Hansel	60	Target_Child	Target_Child	once upon a time there were Hansel and	no No No	8	3	declarative	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	60	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have favorite stories like Goldilocks or	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have brothers and sisters	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have brothers and sisters	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have a favorite story	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		books	book	48	Unidentified	Target_Child	are there any books you like	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Teacher	Target_Child	did you have an elephant	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have brothers and sisters	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have sisters or brothers	no I just have mummy and daddy	6	7	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have friends who take ballet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	36	Teacher	Target_Child	does he have a name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have monsters in your room	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		noise	noise	48	Teacher	Target_Child	because there 's too much noise	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	48	Teacher	Target_Child	oh does it have a track that it goes on	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gopnik Student	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Cruttenden Lucy	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Mother	Target_Child	go see if he would like to have it on	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							18	Target_Child	Mother	my my	no it 's not yours	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no you may not have that	2	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no you may not have it	2	6	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no you may not have it no	2	7	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no you may not have it	2	6	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	may	may	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	no you may not have it	no I 'm sorry	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Eve	Eve	20	Target_Child	Mother	Eve have a Eve have a	no it 's not for you to play with	6	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Eve	Eve	20	Target_Child	Mother	Eve have it	no you put it in the stove	3	7	declarative	trail	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have your lunch	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	21	Mother	Father	you have n't had tapioca for a whole week	no she has n't had a cheese sandwich either	9	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Investigator	Target_Child	you have one and I 'll have one	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	21	Mother	Target_Child	first we 'll have some lunch and then you take a nap	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have your lunch now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no that 's Sarah 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no that 's Sarah 's	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no that 's Sarah 's bottle	2	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Eve	Eve	21	Target_Child	Mother	Eve have drink first	no it 's Sarah 's turn	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's not your turn yet	1	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have some lunch	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's baby Sarah 's	1	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	that mine	no that 's not yours	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							21	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no it 's Sarah 's turn	1	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	Eve do you have a wet diaper	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Investigator	Target_Child	are you going to have coffee	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Investigator	Target_Child	you have no pockets	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	22	Investigator	Target_Child	do we have everything	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		room	room	22	Mother	Mother	there 's no room for both	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	22	Investigator	Target_Child	are you having good food	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Target_Child	Mother	have lunch on the new table	no we 'll not have lunch on the new table	6	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	22	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have the crayons	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Sarah	Sarah	23	Target_Child	Mother	Sarah has little teeth	no Sarah does n't have any teeth at all	4	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	23	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have those two	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Fraser	Fraser	24	Target_Child	Mother	Fraser have lunch	no Fraser 's not having lunch	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Father	may have that	no you may not have it	3	6	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		trouble	trouble	23	Mother	Target_Child	I 'd like to go upstairs before there 's trouble	no no	10	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Target_Child	let me have it	no get it out	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		none	none	25	Mother	Mother	are there none out here	no they 're all gone	5	5	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	not when you have lunch	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	you like to have some	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	have some at Peabody School	no not at the Peabody School	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you already have it right there	no this way	6	3	declarative	question	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Target_Child	Mother	after I eat lunch I gon ta have clay	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na pee pee before you go and have your grape juice	no	14	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Target_Child	Mother	Fraser go have soup	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh I think we have enough bread	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a piece	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	is dis mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you have wet panties	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	27	Father	Target_Child	may I have some of your sandwich	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Eve	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have anything else to put in the box do you	no	13	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have your books on the bookshelf too	no	11	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							27	Target_Child	Mother	my my	no there 's your paper	2	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you have elbow	no	4	1	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	bird	bird	27	Mother	Target_Child	does the bird have a nose	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	would	would	he	he	28	Mother	Target_Child	he 'd haf ta do without a suitcase because he would n't have one	no no have one	14	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	my							28	Target_Child	Mother	my	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		doggie	doggie	28	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a doggie in this house	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		boy	boy	28	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a boy in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		nail	nail	28	Mother	Target_Child	your book is in the same place is there a nail there	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have some	no have some	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	have some	no thank you	2	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	have some vitamin	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	who	who	31	Mother	Target_Child	it 's Rusty who has fingers	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mommy	Mommy	31	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy has a sock on	no I have n't socks on	5	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	that 's no the one that has the markings on it	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a new Humpty Dumpty Adam	no no no no	8	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	would you like to have a pencil	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you think you 've had enough	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		picture	picture	33	Mother	Target_Child	is there a picture on it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a story about Humpty Dumpty	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	baby	baby	33	Target_Child	Mother	baby have tooth	no he does n't have any teeth yet	3	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	you 're going to have fun picking those up are n't you	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	34	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't have paper	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	34	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have some chalk	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		piece	piece	34	Investigator	Target_Child	is there another piece of fix	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	34	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have a picture inside	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		were	be	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	were you having a dream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	did you have a dream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	35	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have a driver	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	35	Investigator	Target_Child	does she have coffee	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		something	something	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there something else in there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	35	Investigator	Target_Child	looks as if he had a spear in his hand	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Mother	you have cigarette	no no no	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	horse	horse	35	Mother	Target_Child	does this horse have a saddle	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any that look alike Adam	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	do you want me have one dose	no I want you to sit up	7	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	yeah let me have one	no do n't spread them over the floor like that	5	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							36	Mother	Mother	that 's yours	no no switches	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a cream pitcher too	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	may I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	38	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't have a pencil in there	no you got pencil in your bag	8	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		things	thing	38	Investigator	Target_Child	there 're so many things in here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a doll	no I do n't have a doll	5	7	question	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have some money	no somebody throw my money away	6	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		Adam	Adam	38	Investigator	Target_Child	was there smoke Adam	no yeah I saw some smoke	4	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some sugar	no you have cranberry juice	5	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	he	he	40	Investigator	Target_Child	he must have had something in his bag	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Bobo	Bobo	40	Mother	Target_Child	did n't Bobo have that bottle	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	40	Target_Child	Mother	do we have one of dese	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	40	Target_Child	Mother	do we have one of dese	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	40	Target_Child	Mother	do we have one of valentines	no I do n't have any cookie cutters at all	6	10	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	he	he	40	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy he do n't have a baseball	no he does n't have one does he	7	8	declarative	question	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		going	go	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	you going have some too	no no no Adam	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I have it now	no you do n't put your things all over the floor	5	11	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have a book about him	no I do n't have a book	8	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	41	Mother	Target_Child	he does n't have feet like that does he	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Jocko	Jocko	41	Target_Child	Mother	does Jocko have a face	no he lost his face Adam	5	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	that you had no what	no	5	1	question	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Target_Child	Mother	I like just have it in it	no you do n't need ta play with the can right now	7	12	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	41	Target_Child	Mother	so you do n't haf ta buy one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a Harvard shirt on	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	it	it	41	Target_Child	Mother	is it it 's do n't have wheels	no it does n't have wheels	8	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	42	Target_Child	Mother	I have enough	no no no	3	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	42	Target_Child	Mother	do you have a crayon Mommy	no I put that there for you	6	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Paul	Paul	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	Paul has some	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							42	Mother	Target_Child	her	no you ca n't eat my apples	1	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	you 're having a hard time	no you have some and I have some	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	I have a big balloon	no she does n't wan na blow that	5	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		dot	dot	44	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a dot that says cross your printing set	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Captain	Captain	44	Target_Child	Mother	do you remember what Captain Bob useta have	no what did he useta have	8	6	question	question	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think you 've had everything in the bag now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	44	Investigator	Target_Child	Adam do n't you have a brother	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	44	Mother	Target_Child	I think she has an interesting story to tell about those	no let me	11	3	declarative	trail	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some strawberries	no we 're going to have those for supper	5	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	you	you	45	Target_Child	Mother	does you have a dream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Daddy	Daddy	45	Target_Child	Mother	does Daddy have a dream	no I do n't think so	5	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		door	door	47	Mother	Target_Child	is there a door	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	47	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do you have a flat tire on your truck	no not now thank you	10	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	47	Target_Child	Mother	do you have another flat tire	no I do n't think I have one	6	8	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	busses	buss	47	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think busses have wheels on the back do they	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Target_Child	Mother	you have it	no	3	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		jeep	jeep	47	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy is there another jeep up here	no there is n't	7	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Target_Child	Mother	you said you have a baby sitter	no I said a visitor	7	5	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Target_Child	Mother	and I have two	no no let him have one dear	4	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	you have dat okay	no no my car	4	4	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	49	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy do we have some different	no no you put the water in here	6	8	trail	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	49	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy you have de red one	no I have a green one	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	49	Mother	Target_Child	no I have a green one	no dat 's yours	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	let Paul have that one with the light	no we haf ta give it back to her	8	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have de top on	no no Adam	7	3	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Mother	Target_Child	let him have a turn with that while you	no I need it	9	4	interruption	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh you do n't have any lights	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Paul	Paul	51	Mother	Target_Child	I think Paul had this Adam	no I wan na play with it	6	7	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	51	Mother	Mother	he just has a few of them	no no now Paul took those out Adam	7	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	yes I do have a pocket	no nobody wo n't see it	6	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Paul	Paul	52	Target_Child	Mother	can Paul have some more Grace	no I do n't think Paul needs any more	6	9	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	tiger	tiger	52	Target_Child	Mother	and a tiger has one feet	no	6	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Mommy	Mommy	53	Investigator	Target_Child	does n't your Mommy have a book like this	no she 's not no man	9	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							53	Target_Child	Mother	but it 's mine	no it 's not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Paul	Paul	54	Target_Child	Mother	did Paul have some water	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	dat	that	54	Target_Child	Mother	does dat have water	no this one does not have water	4	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a crayon	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	52	Target_Child	Mother	do you have a surprise for me	no I do n't think so	7	6	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	55	Target_Child	Mother	now you have three like we do do n't we	no she has only has two children	10	7	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a bad cold Adam	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Mother	Target_Child	please let him have some dear	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	58	Investigator	Target_Child	let him have some of the little ones Adam	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	did you ever have that	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	58	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe I could have a drink but I ca n't stay for supper	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Adam	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Mother	Mother	mine	no	1	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	poodle	poodle	28	Father	Target_Child	the poodle has n't any string	no no no ning	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							29	Target_Child	Mother	a my in there	no no no	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Target_Child	Mother	dat yours	no it 's yours	2	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							31	Mother	Target_Child	no it 's yours	no yours	4	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have a chair anymore huh	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Michael	Michael	32	Mother	Target_Child	Michael have dirty hands	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		wo	will	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you 'll have a good nap today wo n't you	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	he	he	33	Mother	Mother	he do n't have a car	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							33	Target_Child	Mother	dis yours	no that 's yours	2	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							33	Mother	Target_Child	no that 's yours	no not	4	2	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	why n't you wait and have some for after supper save some for later	no	14	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	I think you 've had enough	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							33	Mother	Mother	that 's from your	no this over here	4	4	trail	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	I had nice chicken you had roast beef	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my money back	no my money	6	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no my have it	4	4	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have curls either huh	no	7	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	babies	baby	33	Mother	Target_Child	because only babies have bahbahs uhhuh	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	do they have bahbahs	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		gotta	gotta	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	well you gotta have it on leave it on	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have the matches no	no	7	1	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	yours							34	Target_Child	Mother	dat yours	no it 's yours	2	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	want have some	no thank you	3	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	you poor child you do n't have any clothes	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Target_Child	Mother	I I have a more	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		crayon	crayon	37	Target_Child	Mother	there 's one crayon	no I have the crayon you just get the book	4	10	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	why n't you have your lunch	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	39	Target_Child	Mother	he uh he did n't have something to eat	no he did n't have anything to eat	9	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	we always have ta have one of these	no I have ta duhbluh	8	5	declarative	trail	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Investigator	Mother	do you have the board that is there a board for that	no	12	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	ours							40	Target_Child	Mother	Mommy that 's ours	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bubble+bath	bubble+bath	41	Target_Child	Mother	there 's some more bubble+bath	no it 's shampoo	5	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	ya	ya	41	Mother	Target_Child	ya do n't haf ta have water for everything ya know	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		water	water	43	Mother	Target_Child	there 's enough water in there	no I ca n't dry	6	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	let me have that	no no what 'll I put the eggs in	4	9	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		egg	egg	44	Target_Child	Mother	there 's an egg in the other one t	no I took it out	9	5	trail	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	45	Mother	Target_Child	did say he had your gun	no he did n't see my gun	6	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	45	Mother	Target_Child	we have nothing to eat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	Wence	Wence	46	Mother	Target_Child	no Wence did n't have any either	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	because Sheryl wo n't Sheryl will want it and you only have one of them so you fight too much over it	no I wo n't	22	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	tummy	tummy	48	Father	Target_Child	does your tummy have holes in it like that	no	9	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Darlene	Darlene	49	Mother	Target_Child	Darlene has lots of little curls in her hair	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	49	Mother	Target_Child	she has pretty curls	no she does n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta have a bath and pretty curls and everything	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	49	Investigator	Target_Child	you 're gon ta have beautiful curls	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	does	do	Saint	Saint	49	Investigator	Mother	does Saint Paul 's not have a kindergarten	no they do n't have a kindergarten	8	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		farmhouse	farmhouse	50	Target_Child	Mother	there 's the animal farmhouse	no that 's a lighthouse	5	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	50	Mother	Mother	you had a grass well no Laurie had a grasshopper	no you had a grasshopper	10	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I had oatmeal	no you had Cream o wheat	3	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	50	Investigator	Target_Child	does he have eyebrows	no not now	4	3	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	50	Investigator	Target_Child	does he have feet	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	50	Father	Father	you do n't have many cartoons	no the other guys	6	4	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	51	Mother	Target_Child	did it have candy in there or anything	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Target_Child	Father	oh let me have it	no you 'll have lunch	5	5	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Sarah	Sarah	51	Investigator	Target_Child	is there an r in your name Sarah	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	51	Investigator	Target_Child	does he have a tongue	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Target_Child	I guess I have one more	no I do n't have one more I	6	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have the sniffles	no	5	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have snarls	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	babies	baby	52	Investigator	Target_Child	do babies have teeth	no	4	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	not					52	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah not like yours	no I got sharp teeth but hurts though	4	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	53	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't have any green	no so you 'll haf ta color it blue I guess huh	6	12	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	you have bologna	no I do n't have any bologna	3	7	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	55	Investigator	Target_Child	you have beautiful legs	no my legs at Ann_Marie 's	4	6	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	59	Investigator	Target_Child	it has a six at the top	no it was this one was it	7	7	declarative	question	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	59	Investigator	Target_Child	do I have a long gray beard yet	no	8	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	I	I	59	Target_Child	Father	I did n't have breakfast	no you can have breakfast in a minute	5	8	declarative	declarative	Brown Sarah	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	60	Mother	Target_Child	she had a stomachache and a a headache and	no my back was hurting	9	5	trail	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Investigator	Target_Child	that you have a shadow that 's bigger than you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Brown Sarah	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Investigator	Target_Child	you have another one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	27	Investigator	Target_Child	this one has your name on it now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		plane	plane	27	Investigator	Target_Child	oh there 's a plane I 've never seen this plane	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		place	place	27	Investigator	Target_Child	okay well is there any place that mommy 'll let us dig	no I want it	12	4	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have your tape+recorder here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	27	Investigator	Target_Child	do they have shoes on	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Investigator	Target_Child	oh it 's a top oh look you have a frog too	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	what did you haf ta drink	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Investigator	Target_Child	when you have a fire do you have smoke in there	no	11	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	29	Investigator	Target_Child	right but he does n't have anyone to make pancakes for him do cows eat pancakes	no	16	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Investigator	Target_Child	I 'd like to have a big pancake now would n't you	no	12	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	somebody	somebody	29	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah somebody has a car here but does anybody drive in it	no	12	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	pancakes	pancake	29	Investigator	Target_Child	right my pancakes do n't have faces on them	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bugs	bug	29	Investigator	Target_Child	no we ca n't throw it into the bushes because then we ca n't get it there 's bugs in the bushes here let 's just stand by the doors and throw let 's throw that big blue ball	no	39	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		doll	doll	29	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's a baby doll inside	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	29	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have water in it	no no it has cars in it	6	7	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		lots	lot	29	Investigator	Target_Child	there were lots of people here now it 's just this mommy	no	12	1	declarative	trail	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	pants	pant	29	Investigator	Target_Child	and those are your pants but see my pants do n't have a frog on them	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mommy	mommy	29	Investigator	Target_Child	right mommy has a motor in her car and daddy has a motor in his car	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a hole in your pants	no	8	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mine	mine	31	Investigator	Target_Child	but mine has lots of room in it people can even sit in it	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Investigator	Target_Child	yeah maybe I could bring some that have talk on them or else you have some that have talk that you could play on your tape+recorder when you go to bed	no	31	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Investigator	Target_Child	you 're playing with toys so you do n't like to have your pajamas on	no	15	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							31	Investigator	Target_Child	no those are mine	no is mine car keys	4	5	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		penny	penny	32	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no penny	no	4	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	32	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's nothing in it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		light	light	32	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no light on my door in the car	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		juice	juice	32	Investigator	Target_Child	no there 's no juice in there	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na have some juice before we start to read	no I wan na do one tha my sick is all gone	12	12	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		juice	juice	33	Investigator	Target_Child	well there 's no juice in here	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't have a telephone on top of your house do you	no I just have one telephone	13	6	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Adult	Target_Child	I 'm gon ta have duh engine	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have a good time	no	7	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		snow	snow	35	Investigator	Target_Child	but how can we make snow+ball men if there 's no snow outside	no we can make snow+ball mans out of duh play+dough	13	10	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	you can have the car	no you you can have duh car	5	7	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	35	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta live in a tree	no	9	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	35	Investigator	Target_Child	we do n't haf ta be afraid of him right	no no dat 's not it	10	6	question	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Target_Child	Target_Child	you haf ta	no I 'll show you	3	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	36	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have animals in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	36	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a book that has children in it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	36	Investigator	Target_Child	he has a hat in his hand	no no dis	7	3	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	36	Investigator	Target_Child	he does n't have a hat	no	6	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	no I think I 'm must gon ta have a little piece of cheese on it	no I haf ta have butter in that open and closing+fing	16	11	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	I want some ice+cream do you have any ice+cream snow+man	no	10	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	no I do n't have one	no but I just have one	6	6	trail	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		o	o	37	Investigator	Target_Child	no see the right back there right in the same thing there 's an o right next to the red one	no I do n't wan na do dat I wan na do dis	21	13	declarative	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Investigator	Target_Child	Shem are you gon ta have your own bed+room in your new house	no	13	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	36	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have a kitchen	no	5	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	37	Investigator	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta go pee do you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	37	Investigator	Target_Child	uhhuh can I have a bite of that cracker	no	9	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		pool	pool	38	Investigator	Target_Child	is there a little pool for little kids	no	8	1	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a scarf	no I do' I have w a scarf right in my room	5	12	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	38	Investigator	Target_Child	did they have your names on them	no just just pictures	7	4	question	declarative	Clark Shem	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Mother	you have an attention span like me	no you do n't open things with your mouth	7	9	declarative	declarative	VanHouten Erica	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	28	Mother	Mother	look how many I have	no	5	1	declarative	question	VanHouten Erica	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	40	Investigator	Target_Child	you have one of those hats	no I wish	6	3	question	interruption	VanHouten Jarrett	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		swingset	swingset	40	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no swingset here is there	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Jarrett	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	40	Investigator	Target_Child	he has no room	no	4	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Jarrett	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	mommy	mommy	41	Investigator	Target_Child	mommy does n't have her hat on	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Kevin	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Investigator	Target_Child	Mommy I do n't have any room on the merry+go+round	no they 're gon ta share	10	6	declarative	declarative	VanHouten Adam	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Investigator	Target_Child	can I have a turn	no	5	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Adam	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		water	water	41	Investigator	Target_Child	is there water here	no	4	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Aaron	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		swings	swing	41	Investigator	Target_Child	are there any swings at this park	no	7	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Target_Child	Mother	Auntie not gon ta have some	no	6	1	question	declarative	VanHouten Robert	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's	no	there		money	money	16	Mother	Mother	there 's no money in there	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Alice	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	19	Mother	Mother	there 's a little book in there	no I mean on this book on this page look	7	10	declarative	declarative	McCune Alice	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	22	Mother	Mother	there 's nothing on the face	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	McCune None	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	21	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	McCune Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any	no	4	1	question	declarative	McCune Laura	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	22	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything in there	no	5	1	question	declarative	McCune Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	23	Mother	Mother	I do n't have a cup	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Laura	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mommy	mommy	18	Mother	Target_Child	JJ hey can mommy have a kiss	no	7	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							20	Mother	Target_Child	they 're mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	20	Mother	Mother	you ca n't have this one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mommy	mommy	20	Mother	Target_Child	JJ can mommy have the mop	no	6	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Mother	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	JJ what are you gon ta have at the party JJ	no	11	1	question	declarative	McCune Jase	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		hurry	hurry	24	Mother	Mother	there 's no hurry	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	McCune Jase	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	baby	baby	23	Mother	Target_Child	does the baby have a pair of pants on	no	9	1	question	declarative	McCune Rick	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	mine							16	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	yes I do have pants	no	5	1	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	30	Father	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta take them off	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		presents	present	30	Father	Target_Child	so there wo n't be any more presents	no	8	1	declarative	question	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							30	Unidentified	Target_Child	is n't that is that a her	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	pumpkin	pumpkin	33	Mother	Target_Child	the pumpkin does n't have any hair	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hippo	hippo	33	Father	Target_Child	is there a Marky hippo	no	5	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Father	Target_Child	can I have them back	no first I put them in here	5	7	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	you do n't have sick baskets	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	Spidey	Spidey	34	Target_Child	Father	Spidey do n't have no more money	no Spidey does n't have any money so he 's not going to get anything	7	15	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		girl	girl	34	Father	Target_Child	is there a girl Chris	no	5	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Ross	Ross	34	Father	Target_Child	I mean is there a Ross Anderson	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Mark	Mark	34	Father	Target_Child	is there a Mark in preschool	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		pooey	pooey	34	Target_Child	Mother	is n't there pooey pooey in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	34	Target_Child	Target_Child	will you put my boots way way up there so I can have them later	no I said	15	3	question	quotation	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Father	Target_Child	but it 's mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	35	Target_Child	Father	you can have Marky 's	no I do n't want it	5	6	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lass	lass	36	Father	Target_Child	look there 's a pretty lass	no no no	6	3	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	maybe you could have some yogurt and it 'd make you feel better	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Father	do you have gum in your mouth	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	39	Father	Target_Child	do they have cavities	no	4	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Father	Target_Child	do you have any ideas	no	5	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		man	man	39	Father	Target_Child	well there 's no man in there is there	no	9	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	dog	dog	41	Father	Target_Child	oh so this dog does n't have any trouble with his	no	11	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na have any breakfast	no I had beer and I had chocolate pudding	7	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	42	Father	Target_Child	does n't think he has clothes on	no you	7	2	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Father	Target_Child	sexy man because I do n't have any clothes on	no	10	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	44	Father	Target_Child	I do n't haf ta go to to Germany	no	9	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	45	Target_Child	Father	do you know what I have that is like my Superman Halloween costume	no I do n't know	13	5	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		tea	tea	51	Father	Mother	is there any hot tea	no but it 's sure easy enough to do	5	9	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	have you ever had them	no	5	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		had	have	it	it	51	Father	Target_Child	because it had had chocolate on it	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Father	Target_Child	did they shoot cross bows and have fun	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	51	Father	Target_Child	did he have any cross bows	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	51	Father	Target_Child	he did n't have any cross bows	no	7	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	51	Father	Target_Child	did he have any long bows	no	6	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	51	Father	Target_Child	you do n't know why we have walls	no	8	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	51	Father	Target_Child	does she have lots of legs like a bug	no	9	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Ross	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	64	Mother	Target_Child	we 're gon ta have spaghetti you and I	no I want candy	9	4	declarative	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		pairs	pair	64	Father	Target_Child	you know how many pairs of boy 's socks there are in the wash	no	14	1	question	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	64	Father	Target_Child	do you have games where you throw socks in the wash	no but one time Joey and Ross had games where where they had ta catch the the clothes that were falling down the wash	11	24	question	declarative	MacWhinney Mark	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		Bird	bird	15	Mother	Target_Child	that 's not Big Bird there 's Big Bird	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	15	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a hug	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mommy	mommy	16	Mother	Target_Child	can mommy have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	're		there		letters	letter	17	Mother	Mother	yeah there 're letters on the camera	no sweetie do n't do that	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							18	Target_Child	Mother	my	no yours is over here	1	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	block	block	19	Mother	Target_Child	does the orange block have a dog	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							20	Mother	Mother	that one 's yours	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hole	hole	23	Mother	Mother	look there 's a hole	no	5	1	self	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	25	Target_Child	Mother	he does n't have a porthole	no he does n't	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		boulder	boulder	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a boulder on top yeah	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fly+wheel	fly+wheel	29	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the fly+wheel spinning around	no	6	1	trail	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	hm you have a window but you need some doors huh	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Target_Child	Mother	have a caboose	no does n't have a caboose it was a passenger diesel passenger engine	3	13	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Mother	that 's because you have white on your fingers	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		head	head	33	Target_Child	Mother	there 's his head is down the table	no it 's hanging over the edge	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	33	Target_Child	Mother	does it have sirens	no it makes a noise like a truck does n't	4	10	question	self	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Target_Child	Mother	never have a cat with two heads	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	truck	truck	34	Target_Child	Mother	that truck has two fronts	no it 's front to front	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	35	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have a pocket	no these pants do n't have pockets	6	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Ethan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	35	Target_Child	Mother	they do n't really have tails	no they do n't have	6	5	declarative	self	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	35	Mother	Mother	do we have any black pompoms	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Ethan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		grandma	grandma	15	Mother	Mother	there 's the grandma	no the green hat is too old look at the spider where 's the spider	4	15	declarative	question	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	NONE	NONE	16	Mother	Mother	does n't have school next week ya know	no it 's February vacation	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	17	Mother	Mother	okay I have a little milk	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	18	Mother	Mother	I really should go through that cabinet but I do n't have the energy	no do n't put those in the bag cause this is garbage	14	12	trail	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	17	Mother	Mother	and you had such a bad time yesterday	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	23	Mother	Father	do you have a flashlight	no I 'm looking for one	5	6	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	dyou	dyou	23	Mother	Mother	dyou have a rolie head	no it says he 's a swell little robot from a rolie polie world and he sure is glad to meetcha	5	21	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	mhm do you have red	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Mother	I I want to read I I have some M And Ms	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any brothers	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	27	Mother	Target_Child	they have donuts in the ocean	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	29	Mother	Target_Child	does he have a red nose	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	people	people	29	Mother	Mother	well I no I do n't think you had told me that but it 's funny how many people have degrees in psychology	no I know because it 's like they do n't tell you how to use it	23	16	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	did they have names	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		money	money	30	Mother	Father	hm do the is there money that still goes from our checking to our savings	no I do n't think so	15	6	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I have no idea	no that 's what I thought too	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	they get to have that whole pie would you like to have some pie	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na have a turn with this	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	34	Mother	Mother	ca n't you come and stay with me said Danny we could have fun	no said the dinosaur I 've had a good time the best I 've had in a hundred million years	14	20	declarative	trail	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	34	Mother	Target_Child	you think we have red paint	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	37	Mother	Father	do we have anything for him	no you guys will haf ta catch some	6	8	question	trail	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	40	Mother	Target_Child	should we have a blankie	no I do n't need a blanket	5	7	question	interruption	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	40	Mother	Target_Child	look he 's even got tail bone we do n't have that do we	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Violet	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	43	Target_Child	Mother	d'you have two ones	no but we can share	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Violet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mama	mama	14	Mother	Mother	can mama have a hug	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	does	do	Dipsy	Dipsy	14	Mother	Mother	Dipsy does not have a tail	no	6	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	mommy	mommy	16	Mother	Mother	can mommy have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	18	Mother	Target_Child	does n't he have sharp teeth	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	20	Mother	Target_Child	you can have something else do you want more apple	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	21	Mother	Target_Child	I called J C Penney and they did n't have anything	no no no	11	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Mommy	Mommy	21	Mother	Target_Child	can Mommy have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Polly	Polly	21	Mother	Mother	does Polly pocket have a shoe on	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		shoe	shoe	21	Investigator	Mother	there 's only one shoe here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	can I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		treat	treat	22	Mother	Target_Child	no there 's no treat for you	no no no	7	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Father	Mother	mind if I have a little of your uh bagel	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		riddles	riddle	22	Mother	Target_Child	are there riddles on the coffee	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Mommy	Mommy	22	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think Mommy has any Clifford juice sweetie we 'll haf ta buy some	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	who	who	23	Mother	Target_Child	ooh who has a dirty face	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		water	water	23	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no water in there do you wan na pour the water in	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think Rafi and Tamar and their Mommy and Daddy should come over for dinner when we have our kitchen back	no	22	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		card	card	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a little card in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	what did you have for breakfast this morning	no I do n't want bagel	8	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any money in your cash register	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		porcupine	porcupine	24	Mother	Target_Child	there was no porcupine last time	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think you 've ever had eggplant but Mommy loves eggplant	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you have lots of things	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fuzz	fuzz	25	Mother	Target_Child	is there fuzz on the train	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	26	Mother	Target_Child	oh the red one has coal	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	we have that established sweetie	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		camp	camp	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there 's a camp for wayward children where we can send you	no	15	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	27	Mother	Target_Child	I have mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	27	Mother	Target_Child	and then we went back into the car but we did n't have it in the car right because it was in your stereo	no it was in the car	24	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	you have your microphone	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	but we 're gon ta be we 're gon ta share this week in art class and have a good time and no one 's gon ta have a fit okay	no I do n't want to	31	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							27	Target_Child	Mother	no it 's yours	no look I have mine	4	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a time out	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							27	Mother	Target_Child	well you it 's yours for the hour you 're right while Manuela 's here but Manuela takes it back with her and she baby+sits the box	no	27	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bug	bug	28	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a bug	no that 's a fly	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you have dirt on your face	no I cleaned it off	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a pop	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	28	Target_Child	Mother	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having a cookie now	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	Honey Honey if you have a stuffy nose you do n't want to keep trying to breathe in	no I 'm breathe into my nose and blow my nose	18	11	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	this	this	29	Father	Target_Child	sweetie this already has a stamp	no I want another stamp	6	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	maybe you 'd like to put your clip back on so you do n't haf ta carry your microphone would you like to do that	no	25	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Thomas	Thomas	29	Mother	Target_Child	I know can you does Thomas have any dirt on him	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think anyone 's wearing yellow there are they	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	29	Mother	Target_Child	when they had the party for Melody she did n't wan na be at the party either did she	no	19	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							29	Target_Child	Mother	is it mine	no it 's the backpack 's	3	6	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		egg	egg	29	Mother	Target_Child	Tico says there 's one more egg to find at the farm	no the no there 's no where 's the other one with the green one	12	15	declarative	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to come in the kitchen and have some water	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Mother	Target_Child	I have a hat on my head	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	hexagon	hexagon	29	Mother	Target_Child	a hexagon has six sides	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Target_Child	Mother	I 'm gon ta have jelly beans	no you 're not having jelly beans for breakfast silly	7	10	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		am	be	I	I	30	Target_Child	Mother	I am having jelly beans	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	30	Mother	Mother	and now we have a new kitchen right	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	30	Mother	Target_Child	can I have my microphone back Honey	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	you know what honey mommy needs you to have some calcium so why do n't you have some chocolate milk	no I want	20	3	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		story	story	30	Mother	Target_Child	but we did n't get to read these yesterday there 's this story	no I want the	13	4	declarative	interruption	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		clown+fish	clown+fish	31	Mother	Target_Child	were there any clown+fish	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	I	I	31	Mother	Target_Child	hm did I have it	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you have something on your foot sweets or do you have a boo boo	no	15	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	you could also have a turkey sandwich or a ham sandwich	no I want a um just a	11	7	question	trail	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a bug bite Sweetie	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	has fuzz on it	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you have lots of friends	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	32	Target_Child	Mother	they have no for their self	no	6	1	declarative	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that one called I have the dirtiest face ever	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Playdoh	Playdoh	34	Mother	Target_Child	is there any Playdoh on the floor	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		something	something	34	Mother	Target_Child	that there may be something that can make me feel good again	no no	12	2	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Anchor	Anchor	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh does Anchor have a funny nose	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	36	Mother	Target_Child	it does n't have any face you 're right	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	no you can scratch it softly because I have an itch	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	's	Lily	Lily	37	Mother	Mother	not too much Lily 's having her Brown study now so	no you 're not disturbing I just	11	7	trail	trail	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		table	table	38	Mother	Target_Child	there was a lunch table there	no there was n't	6	4	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	we do n't have treats in the morning	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have any favorite foods	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		wrap	wrap	38	Mother	Mother	is there bubble wrap in there	no no bubble wrap just your little box	6	8	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	does it really matter if you have a chocolate chip cookies at ten o'clock in the morning	no	17	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	38	Target_Child	Mother	because when you wake up in the morning you do n't have treats	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	and do you have any cousins	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		place	place	39	Mother	Target_Child	make sure there 's a place for her to sit	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	oh do you think he has to go to the dentist and have the dentist put his teeth back in	no	20	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		song	song	40	Mother	Target_Child	maybe there 's a song about a princess you would like to sing	no no help help grab my hand	13	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	do you guys have a tadpool a tadpole at school	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	sweetie you haf ta keep it on that 's part of having Amanda come	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	Lily I 'll have two bites	no I share it	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	you have anything else you need to look at when we go to the mall	no	15	1	question	question	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							46	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no silly it 's not your birthday yet	1	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Lily	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	16	Mother	Mother	you have a couple raisins right here sweetie	no	8	1	declarative	question	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	piggy	piggy	19	Father	Target_Child	this little piggy had roast beef	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	William	William	19	Mother	Target_Child	William does n't have a belly button	no no no	7	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	c'mon have some breakfast and you can get up	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	okay you can have a banana	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		piggy	piggy	22	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no piggy	no	4	1	declarative	question	Providence William	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Target_Child	Mother	have it	no thank you I do n't wan na have it but	2	11	question	self	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Mother	I have all your colors	no William we 're not coloring other things	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	do you have cowboys on your pajamas William	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's more room	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	27	Father	Mother	I do n't have it right now	no I know that	7	4	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bus	bus	27	Mother	Target_Child	oh yes there 's a school bus	no no no	7	3	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	ya	ya	27	Mother	Target_Child	did ya have a fun weekend with Yaya	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mommy	mommy	28	Mother	Target_Child	look mommy has it too	no I do n't like it	5	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	ya	ya	28	Mother	Target_Child	I heard ya had a good dinner	no leave it leave it up	7	6	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Don	Don	28	Mother	Target_Child	hi good morning does Don have any appointments open today	no I do n't wan na	10	6	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Caillou	Caillou	29	Mother	Target_Child	Caillou has a backpack	no he dinosaur	4	3	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	dinosaur	dinosaur	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh the dinosaur has a backpack	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							30	Mother	Mother	your	no that 's your toe your feet your tongue in your mouth	1	12	self	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	werna	werna	32	Mother	Target_Child	werna have fun	no	3	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	32	Mother	Mother	you have some other trucks	no	5	1	self	interruption	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	32	Father	Target_Child	how many monkeys do you have	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na have some breakfast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		bottles	bottle	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no bottles in there William	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	oh that 's not true because you had them the other day and you liked them	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	William	William	35	Mother	Target_Child	we haf ta get William dressed Mommy has to finish her breakfast maybe William will have a little bit more to eat or maybe you 'll have some banana or some apple	no	32	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	I get to have something	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Father	you gon ta have cereal or	no uh uh you did n't get cereal did you	6	10	trail	question	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	37	Mother	Target_Child	and you wo n't haf ta put your backpack on	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	38	Mother	Mother	I 'll have him	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	come on buddy let 's have breakfast	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	38	Father	Target_Child	you 're gon ta sit with us we 're having breakfast	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	39	Father	Target_Child	yeah I have it this is yours though I 'm just borrowing I 'm just using it	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Providence William	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		wind	wind	17	Mother	Mother	there 's not enough wind	no I ca n't get it to fly	5	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	thank you for sharing have some soup now	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	23	Mother	Mother	dya wan na have a little candy	no you ca n't go to sleep yet you would n't want to sleep this morning so ya haf ta stay up now	7	23	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	Mommy	Mommy	23	Mother	Target_Child	could Mommy have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		cheese	cheese	21	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no cottage cheese	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	may I have a kiss	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	22	Mother	Mother	no you just had a pop	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Mother	no I 'd like to have one	no you have to share	7	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	may I have one of those Play Dohs	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	no let me have one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	22	Mother	Target_Child	may I have that	no no	4	2	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	22	Mother	Mother	no I do n't have a b	no b I 'm sorry there 's no bee	7	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		machine	machine	23	Grandmother	Mother	was there uh an answer machine	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	24	Grandmother	Mother	no they have another one even bigger than that	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	who	who	23	Grandmother	Target_Child	who has pretty eyes	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	23	Mother	Target_Child	alright is there anything you 'd like	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	lem	lem	23	Mother	Mother	lem me have one	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							23	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Mother	let her eat she 's gon ta have her breakfast	no no no	10	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	may I have an a	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	may I have a smooch	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	28	Mother	Target_Child	oh may I have the a	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	28	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have to you can go right like that it 's not	no	14	1	trail	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		purple	purple	28	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a pink purple	no the purple one has plastic on it we ca n't open the ones with the plastic	5	17	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	do we have another one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	31	Mother	Mother	I do n't have a Grant	no Daddy definitely does n't have a Grant	6	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	31	Grandfather	Mother	do you have more of these	no I have to	6	4	question	self	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Grandfather	Mother	you have sticker on your car zoo land	no you have a card zoo land	8	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	Mommy	Mommy	32	Mother	Target_Child	could Mommy have a turn up the hill	no this one	8	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have much breakfast would you like a snack	no I going stay	11	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	33	Mother	Target_Child	I wish they had some arms	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	33	Grandmother	Mother	you do n't have any more Windex	no we have n't had any Windex in a hundred years because you kept saying you were gon ta buy a refill buy a refill then you took mine	7	29	question	trail	Providence Alex	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	34	Mother	Target_Child	bring the box that has all the the the guys in it all the different guys in it see if you can find it maybe they 're in there	no	29	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	34	Mother	Target_Child	could I have a train	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cheese	cheese	34	Target_Child	Mother	there 's some macaroni cheese	no it 's green beans	5	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Mother	Target_Child	have the mommy find the baby start up here	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		kangaroo	kangaroo	35	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the kangaroo reading a book	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	you 're having trouble listening today huh	no take it off	7	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	35	Mother	Target_Child	Alex do you have this at school	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	potato	potato	36	Mother	Target_Child	could baby potato have some shoes	no this one this	6	4	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		girl	girl	36	Mother	Target_Child	is there a little girl that you like in school	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	she							36	Mother	Target_Child	what 's her what 's her name	no that 's my stop it it 's my kiss	7	10	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	its							36	Target_Child	Target_Child	its	no	1	1	trail	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	37	Mother	Target_Child	oh I do n't think I have any apples left how about a clementine	no	14	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	alright lem me have a turn	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Mother	Target_Child	lem me just have one turn	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a quarter	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you have a choice	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	well you can have the oreos after lunch	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	may I have the sprocket	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	39	Mother	Mother	we have a zebra upstairs	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	you can have it right back	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	have this one	no just squeeze it	3	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	40	Mother	Mother	yeah you had it right	no you	5	2	declarative	self	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	here you can have your eggs too	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but can I have a couple	no no	7	2	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	and I 'll have these	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	40	Mother	Mother	do we have other paper	no I guess this is it the other paper 's upstairs upstairs	5	12	self	self	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	may I have one of these beans	no	7	1	self	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Mother	Target_Child	let Mommy have two of these please	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	may I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	may I have this one and this one	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	no these may I have these for my paper	no	9	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		plenty	plenty	40	Mother	Target_Child	there 's plenty of beans to go around	no I want that bean	8	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	okay may I have this bean	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	40	Mother	Target_Child	may I have this one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							40	Mother	Target_Child	these are yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	look it you have two thousand beans to my one	no I do n't want my beans	10	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Alex	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	12	Mother	Mother	you have it you have it	no you have it	6	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	14	Father	Mother	do we have juice in the bottles the baby bottles	no we do n't	10	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	15	Mother	Mother	okay would you like some soy milk I see you have your soy milk	no and you 're not even eating your cheese	14	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		man	man	16	Mother	Target_Child	there was a man on a bicycle just now did you see him	no	13	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	17	Father	Mother	yeah there 's a lot of stuff in there is n't there	no I think she thinks it 's just full of chipmunks	12	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	17	Father	Mother	you have enough	no but that 's alright	3	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I have a microphone	no you have one	5	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	18	Father	Target_Child	you 're having french toast with almond butter	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		steers	steer	18	Mother	Target_Child	were there steers there	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	have pouches	no what kind of animals hop we talked about this	2	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	you wan na have a snack	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	have some sweet potato too	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	have some of your prunes and oatmeal	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		wheat	wheat	20	Mother	Target_Child	there 's wheat right there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		spoon	spoon	20	Mother	Target_Child	there 's yer spoon	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	those books I really do n't want you to have them	no	11	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	20	Mother	Target_Child	we haf ta find some wrapping paper because we have a present for somebody we haf ta wrap	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Target_Child	let 's just have another little more snack	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	21	Grandmother	Mother	you have lights on the tree	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	21	Father	Target_Child	do you have a wet diaper	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	21	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't need too much just need enough to keep the flap down it does n't haf ta be	no there 's more sticking up over there	20	8	trail	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		box	box	21	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a box of tissues right there if you need one	no no it was just itch on my nose	12	9	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	21	Father	Father	you know I do n't have a clue	no it 's Monday I ca n't be on call	8	10	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		group	group	21	Father	Target_Child	is there a play group Monday	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Mother	Target_Child	we could build a seesaw if I had some cardboard and some scissors	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you have poop in your diaper	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		be	be	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	it 's yellowish white have a little bite of that with banana may be that would be a good combination	no	20	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	22	Mother	Mother	well I do n't think we have very many other kinds of cheese here	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	22	Mother	Mother	and you could have some of this	no	7	1	declarative	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		picture	picture	22	Mother	Mother	is there a picture of strawberries on that	no there is n't	8	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	22	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have some supper Naima	no wan na read a book about ooching Loly Worm	8	10	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		thing	thing	24	Mother	Mother	there 's your fork spoon item thing	no	7	1	declarative	question	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na have her on the tray	no no no	8	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fox	fox	24	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's a fox	no it is	4	3	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Mother	Target_Child	I have one and a half cups of black eyed beans here	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Mother	Target_Child	well I want you to have healthy	no no	7	2	interruption	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	and you could have carrot too if you want	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	25	Mother	Target_Child	you can have that while you 're waiting if you wan na	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		truck	truck	25	Mother	Target_Child	yes there 's a big black truck there also	no there 's a	9	4	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	library	library	25	Mother	Target_Child	we 'll look on the computer and find out which library has Arthurs Nose	no no nursies at library	14	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	library	library	25	Mother	Target_Child	I can find out which library has it that way	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		carrots	carrot	26	Mother	Target_Child	are there carrots in the original	no there 's carrots in in the	6	7	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	he	he	26	Father	Mother	right he 'll he 'll have maybe four or five grams the rest of us will have more	no	18	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	26	Target_Child	Mother	it 's it has pee in it and it has poop	no it does n't it does n't have any pee or poop	11	12	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		sign	sign	26	Mother	Mother	is there a sign on it	no I	6	2	question	self	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a snack	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	28	Mother	Target_Child	I think it might be time to have a small snack	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	hands	hand	29	Mother	Target_Child	I think I just cleaned you up like a baby but I think your hands still have some residue on them	no	21	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	Naima	Naima	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh well Naima could have just pancakes with the blueberries in them and eat them like muffins	no	17	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have breakfast together	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		toast	toast	29	Mother	Target_Child	I mean there 's toast and there 's jam I do n't	no it 's not	12	4	trail	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	you have some kiwi Boo	no	5	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		yogurt	yogurt	29	Father	Target_Child	there 's your yogurt	no you knocked	4	3	declarative	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	29	Mother	Father	oh is that the first time you 're having the honey	no but I like	11	4	question	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Father	Target_Child	d'you think it feels good to have bugs bite you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fly	fly	29	Father	Father	is there a fly on your sippy cup	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Father	Mother	you have their number	no I do n't you 're gon ta haf ta call information	4	12	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	oh he 's gon ta have the present at gym class	no he 's gon ta have the birthday at gym class	11	11	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	29	Mother	Target_Child	do we have any other food	no I 'm gon ta I 'm gon ta go shopping for where is I 'm gon ta go shopping for toys	6	22	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	wouldja like to have some cooked carrots now	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		dolphins	dolphin	29	Mother	Target_Child	were there any dolphins	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bunch	bunch	30	Mother	Target_Child	oh yeah there 's a bunch of oh and there 's a giraffe even	no but but that 's not very very high	14	9	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	I think it would be better if you had no diaper for a while	no but I want some	14	5	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	Griz do you have enough gas in your box to take you to all the way to Maine	no he does n't	18	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	because you could have more if you wanned it	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	that	that	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh is it grizzly bear there that did n't have buttons	no no	11	2	question	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	can you let Mommy have a little tiny nap and play by yourself for a minute	no	16	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	d'you	d'you	31	Mother	Target_Child	oh d'you have the Little Bear dolls there	no they inside	8	3	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	31	Mother	Target_Child	should we have Griz be a big bear	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Target_Child	have a little of your water	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't know you had the butter	no I want to play with the butter	8	8	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		child	child	32	Mother	Target_Child	is there a child somewhere in here	no no not in the kitchen	7	6	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	33	Mother	Target_Child	you know what we 're gon ta need to go for a drive in a little while because we do n't have any yogurt	no	24	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	so you have a raincoat	no his fur will keep him dry	5	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	is that how you have your picture taken	no no	8	2	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	she does n't like having her picture taken	no	8	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you could have porridge	no the duckling wants to get better	4	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Mother	Target_Child	you have a little eczema on your back	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	eczema	eczema	34	Mother	Target_Child	does eczema have eggs in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Mother	oh what a great time to have a phone	no leave it on	9	4	self	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	34	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots of different places that might even be where the books are over there	no I could n't it 's not a it 's not a book though	16	14	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mother	mother	35	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but the mother has it and the mother can help it have the medicine	no no the bear is hiding	15	6	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		wood	wood	35	Mother	Target_Child	okay may be there 's a creaking wood you mean right now we 're hearing it or	no no we no we 're pretending	17	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		music	music	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there music at the restaurant	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	that 's what you have	no I do n't taste the cream	5	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you having a backwards day	no well you can buckle me into my car seat pretend that 's my car seat	5	16	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any canoe berries	no I 'm just making that up	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	37	Mother	Target_Child	I do n't think we have any canoe berries	no I 'm just making that up	9	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Grandmother	Target_Child	would you like to go and have a snack break	no we 'll start working on this	10	7	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a little egg in a little bit	no	12	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		spill	spill	42	Target_Child	Mother	be swimming in the water when there 's an oil spill	no	11	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	we	we	46	Father	Target_Child	if you wore the microphone on your shirt we would have a very good recording	no is very it will be very good recording	15	9	declarative	interruption	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	46	Mother	Target_Child	well she 's saying they do n't have them	no you haf ta ask for something else that we do n't carry	9	13	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any chocolate mousse crepes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any Alaskan cheese	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you have fromage	no	4	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	uh do you have any Indian food	no we do n't we stopped carrying it	7	8	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any other foods in your store that have protein in them	no you haf ta ask for some some other	14	9	question	trail	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		might	might	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	how about any other kind of tempeh that you might have	no we do n't	11	4	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	I 'm a grumpy customer now cause you did n't have things I wanted	no I 'm beeping the lemon first	14	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	negative	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		bears	bear	46	Mother	Target_Child	are there any bears	no they 're all dogs	4	5	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	you have a piece up there sweetie	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	you and I are gon ta go in the kitchen and have some second breakfast	no no break some make some bread	15	7	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	we	we	46	Mother	Target_Child	but we could have a snack and then make the bread	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	and then you can have some	no it it 's the only thing I can have	6	10	interruption	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Target_Child	has pink snow forecast for Baltimore	no	6	1	question	declarative	Providence Naima	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	Melissa do you have a dirty diaper on	no	8	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no let Megan wear it for a minute and then you can wear it	1	14	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no we haf ta share it	1	6	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	have it wan na let Megan have it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	pony	pony	26	Mother	Target_Child	does papa 's pony have white feet	no	7	1	question	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	31	Mother	Mother	uh oh had it stop	no let me show you what to do to it when it stops there	5	14	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	there you go there come here you look like you have a mop on your head	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Post Lew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	19	Mother	Target_Child	and when she and when she puts it down you can have it	no	13	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		rat	rat	20	Mother	Target_Child	a rat yep there 's a rat	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bus	bus	20	Sibling	Mother	there 's a school bus out there ai n't they	no there was a school bus on the tv	10	9	question	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cat	cat	21	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a kitty cat	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sheep	sheep	22	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a sheep	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	23	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a new book let 's look at that one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		t	t	24	Sibling	Mother	there 's a t right there	no that ai n't a t here 's a t	6	10	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	25	Sibling	Mother	let me have it	no now she had n't played with this yet she wants to play a little bit with it	4	18	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a new book let 's look at that one	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Post She	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Target_Child	let Travis have a turn	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	19	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the red one	no no	5	2	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	20	Sibling	Target_Child	this one has a stick on it	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	20	Mother	Target_Child	does she have a name	no	5	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	21	Target_Child	Mother	cookie I have it I have it	no you ca n't have it	7	6	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	21	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a horse	no	5	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	22	Target_Child	Mother	I had it first Travis	no Travis had it Travis picked it up	5	8	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	22	Mother	Target_Child	Kalie you have this one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	25	Sister	Mother	no she has clouds	no if you look good you can see cones on it there	4	12	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	Travis	Travis	24	Mother	Target_Child	can Travis have this one to put in his pen	no	10	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	24	Sibling	Mother	I do n't know if there 's room	no just put one in each one	8	7	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							24	Sibling	Mother	that 's mine	no it 's not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	27	Sibling	Target_Child	does it have the name Sherlock	no	6	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Sibling	Mother	can I have this	no Travis you do n't ask for that stuff you hear me	4	12	question	question	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	29	Sibling	Mother	can I please have this	no I just said you do n't ask for things	5	10	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	want him to have a mustache	no	6	1	question	declarative	Post Tow	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no it 's hot	4	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4767JC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	um do you have any questions for me about the stuff we 've been doing	no	15	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4767JC	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bread	bread	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there any bread to put peanut+butter on	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4825GG	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	24	Mother	Target_Child	here well let 's put a different shoe at least she has two shoes	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5193HB	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	um do you have anything else you um wan na tell us about or ask me anything	no just that he he does know a lot of Japanese that I do n't know so	17	17	question	trail	NewmanRatner 5585ME	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some food please	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5623AT	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	um and you said he does n't really have dolls at home	no he only has stuffed animals	12	6	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5820CP	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	um do you have your next appointment scheduled already	no	9	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Investigator	Target_Child	sometimes we have the them stay but then if then	no	10	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5794ES	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		things	thing	24	Mother	Mother	there are fun things in these little guys	no not yet	8	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5903AE	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	24	Mother	Mother	she does n't have boots	no she does n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5903AE	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	and you said you do n't have dolls at home right	no	11	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	is there anything else you think we should know in general	no	11	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	do you have any baby dolls at home	no we do n't	8	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	18	Mother	Mother	we do n't have these toys at home	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	18	Mother	Mother	no I do n't have Goodnight Moon and	no	8	1	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner 5965PC	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	and then I know you did n't pick this up but think do you have this at home	no	18	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6818AP	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	18	Investigator	Mother	I just have a few questions	no she 's hilarious	6	4	interruption	declarative	NewmanRatner 6825MT	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	I do n't think you 've ever actually had a beet before	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6598JM	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	yeah it seemed I du n no was he maybe he most interested in this and then does he have like clothes at home that he tries to dress his doll with	no	32	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6598JM	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	um is there anything else you want	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6598JM	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	does she also does she have tools to play with at home	no	12	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	do you have um kind of similar big kid dolls	no we do n't and actually my grandma wanted to get her one for her birthday and I said I did n't think she was ready and I may need ta reconsider that for Christmas because she liked it	10	39	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	and does she have any of these books at home	no	10	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5440JJ11mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	18	Mother	Target_Child	I mean I think there 's a lot here	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5543EF11	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	18	Investigator	Mother	so you do n't have pretend food at home	no we do n't	9	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5266EC18	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	18	Mother	Mother	do you have a spoon here	no	6	1	question	question	NewmanRatner 5777FC	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	okay um so was there anything in here that you tried to get him to play with that he just was n't interested in	no I really well maybe the habitat for the animal thing I tried to um say oh look you can play with the animals on here	24	26	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5777FC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	18	Investigator	Mother	does she have baby dolls at home	no but um they have a lot of stuffed animals at the at our house and then at the place she goes each day for her child care	7	28	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5928RL18	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		cows	cow	18	Mother	Target_Child	how many cows are there	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5936SR18	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	18	Mother	Mother	yeah she has a boo boo	no that 's not for you	6	6	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6047JC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	18	Mother	Mother	can I have plate number three	no	6	1	question	question	NewmanRatner 6691MW	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		baby	baby	18	Mother	Target_Child	there 's another baby	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6314AK	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	18	Mother	Target_Child	and we do n't even have a doggy at our house	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 6314AK	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bumblebee	bumblebee	18	Mother	Mother	there 's a bumblebee	no	4	1	declarative	question	NewmanRatner 7236FB18mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		monkey	monkey	24	Mother	Target_Child	maybe there 's a monkey	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4310AM24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4310AM24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else in your belly	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4452CM24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Mother	do n't actually have an eel	no he 's no he 's never seen	6	8	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4629AB24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Mother	yah you have a lot to do no	no I think that 's great	8	6	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 4629AB24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think do you think the octopus wants to have your Binky	no	13	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4619WC	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	what do you have in in your cup	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	hah it 's time to wake up and have breakfast	no	10	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	let 's wake up and have waffles for breakfast	no	9	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	we have another party	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4641CC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	look we can have her eat some	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 4687NH24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	oh yum the zebra 's eating it all up can I have a beet please	no	15	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4687NH24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some corn	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4687NH24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some green beans	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4687NH24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mommy	mommy	24	Mother	Target_Child	mommy have the zebra	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 4997LM24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	and is there anything that you kind of tried to get him interested in here but he did n't really wan na do	no he seemed to even if I did n't um even if I brought it out and he turned his attention away he came back to it	23	27	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5066WT24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		favorite	favorite	24	Mother	Mother	oh there 's your favorite	no that 's not your f	5	6	imperative_emphatic	trail	NewmanRatner 5111CG24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	's	be	NONE	NONE	24	Investigator	Mother	he 's he 's not had his second birthday yet	no not yet	10	3	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5111CG24	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you have a hat	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5118PM24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	24	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na see if he has a jacket	no no he needs a	9	5	question	trail	NewmanRatner 5196AVI24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							24	Mother	Mother	your your	no what are you looking for	2	6	trail	question	NewmanRatner 5196AVI24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		button	button	24	Mother	Target_Child	so there 's button and there 's that hole	no	9	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5244SE24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	mhm delicious I would really like a cupcake do you have any cupcakes	no	13	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5346GG24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	does she need ta have pants	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5365DL24mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		baby	baby	24	Mother	Target_Child	hey Caitlyn is there a baby	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5303CW24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	and does he have animal toys at home	no no	8	2	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5474ES24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	and is there anything that you thought you 'd be she 'd be interested in and she just really did n't go for	no	23	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5474ES24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	and do you have um have more any questions for me about the things we did today	no	17	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5474ES24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	do do we have anymore space	no	6	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5449NG24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		phone	phone	24	Mother	Mother	there is n't a phone over here is there	no I do n't see one	9	6	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5482DF	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing more in your basket	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 5543EF	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Mother	can I have green beans for dinner please	no	8	1	question	question	NewmanRatner 5563DB24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	now you 're gon ta have purple ketchup	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 5949DL24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	24	Mother	Target_Child	you have one	no	3	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5949DL24mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		place	place	24	Mother	Target_Child	is there a place for the zebra on here	no no no no	9	4	question	imperative_emphatic	NewmanRatner 6493TM24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no it cook it	4	4	question	declarative	NewmanRatner mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		anything	anything	24	Investigator	Mother	um was there anything else that she played with	no not really	9	3	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6815KG24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember when we had a lobster	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6626SW24mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cow	cow	24	Mother	Mother	yeah there 's the cow	no not that one	5	4	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7119CM24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	24	Investigator	Mother	are they similar foods that she has at home	no	9	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6878SK24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	24	Mother	Target_Child	do you think they have any jelly	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6071WB24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		puppy+dogs	puppy+dog	24	Mother	Target_Child	are there puppy+dogs on there	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6071WB24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	does he have UMD food like this at home	no	9	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7300AP24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	does he have any animals like this at home	no	9	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7300AP24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		animals	animal	24	Mother	Mother	there wo n't be any animals on the farm	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7419EB24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have one too	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some ice cream please	no	7	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Mother	Target_Child	can I have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	and then does he um does he have any animals like this at home or	no not like this	15	4	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner 7534EM24mos	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		penguins	penguin	24	Mother	Target_Child	are there other penguins	no	4	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 7553JT	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's the big one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	NewmanRatner 7553JT	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	24	Investigator	Mother	so I bet you do n't have so many um you do n't have kitchen toys at home	no no we do n't uh have any	18	8	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5073AC24	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	does he have a teddybear	no neither of my kids have been into stuffed animals at all	5	12	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 5073AC24	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		questions	question	24	Investigator	Mother	and then are there any questions you have about the things we 've done today	no	15	1	declarative	question	NewmanRatner 5073AC24	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	24	Investigator	Mother	are they similar to the dolls that we have or are they	no	12	1	self	declarative	NewmanRatner 5936SR	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	but he does n't have those at home	no	8	1	question	declarative	NewmanRatner 6785KS24mos	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	24	Investigator	Mother	did he have any um favorite foods he was gravitating towards or	no	12	1	trail	declarative	NewmanRatner 6785KS24mos	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	how about having some more food	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		hole	hole	48	Father	Father	is there a hole there for that screw	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		tire	tire	49	Mother	Target_Child	oh there 's a spare tire in	no	7	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Andy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	50	Father	Target_Child	do you have a fork Jenny	no I	6	2	question	declarative	Gleason Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	can I have sugar	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any new stoves you can give me	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	wh what we haf ta do is you haf ta finish up your corn with me so you can have dessert	no	21	1	declarative	interruption	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	36	Mother	Target_Child	come give one more try and then we 'll have some dessert	no	12	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	you	you	36	Mother	Target_Child	will you have a piece of turkey turkey roll piece of chicken	no	12	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Target_Child	Mother	no I wan na have cake first	no you ca n't have cake until you have something healthy	7	11	declarative	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	35	Father	Target_Child	do we have a name for this cat	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Charlie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you mean you ca n't have any say yourself	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Father	well I have some	no Pam thinks it 's it 's you know illegal to charge for improvements that have n't been made	4	19	declarative	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	50	Mother	Father	do you know they do n't have bagels in Israel	no	10	1	question	interruption	Gleason David	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I haf ta	no you can put it down	3	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any eggs	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a car like this at your school	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	girls	girl	50	Mother	Target_Child	do little girls usually have purses like that and big hats	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gleason David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	62	Father	Target_Child	what else do we have	no you haf ta come out there	5	7	question	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	62	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing in it	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		something	something	62	Mother	Mother	that went in here but was there something else that went with it	no	13	1	question	question	Gleason Frank	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	52	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a little bit of ginger ale if you 'd like	no I want some	13	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	52	Target_Child	Father	did you have some Dad	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	52	Target_Child	Father	you 're welcome I can have it open	no no	8	2	declarative	declarative	Gleason Eddie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	oh my you do n't have this one do you	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason Eddie	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	42	Mother	Target_Child	and and af after supper we 'll do it cause I do n't have time now okay	no we haf ta do it now	17	7	question	declarative	Gleason Isadora	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	I got two cookies that have m and ms	no not two cookies	9	4	imperative_emphatic	trail	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	any	any	43	Father	Target_Child	do any of our friends have this toy at home Izzy	no	11	1	question	declarative	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	43	Father	Father	do they have room for anybody else in their car	no	10	1	question	question	Gleason Isadora	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	do I have white wips	no you have pink lips	5	5	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	52	Sister	Mother	I can have a whole one	no you 'll have another half Sarah	6	7	question	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	52	Mother	Target_Child	oh well Hel look there 's a lot of corn on here and	no I do n't wannoo	13	5	trail	declarative	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		one	one	59	Target_Child	Mother	is there another one in there	no there 's just the book and the car and then there 's some stuff to play with here we can play store over here okay	6	26	question	question	Gleason Helen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	can I have some milk	no it 's all gone	5	5	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	did you have any cookies today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	38	Mother	Target_Child	yeah but are we having anything else to eat	no	9	1	question	trail	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							38	Mother	Target_Child	it 's yours you can take it home with you	no I not take it home	10	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Katie	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		holes	hole	38	Target_Child	Father	there 's holes in the water	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	38	Father	Target_Child	can I have some	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	38	Father	Target_Child	is n't it there 's nobody in there	no and this is the window	8	6	declarative	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	38	Target_Child	Father	but do they have do we have two of those	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	39	Mother	Mother	what do we have	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	do you have any eggs on this shelf	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you have a look	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	and see if you have any Oreo cookies	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	can I have some breakfast	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		anything	anything	25	Father	Father	okay here 's this is tea here 's a box of it let 's see if there 's anything in it	no there 's no tea	21	5	declarative	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	25	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing in there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	25	Target_Child	Target_Child	no no no I haf ta	no	6	1	trail	declarative	Gleason Nanette	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	do you have one with soap in it	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	has	have	Patricia	Patricia	29	Mother	Father	Patricia has n't had a snack in a few minutes	no	10	1	declarative	question	Gleason Patricia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	29	Father	Mother	you did n't haf ta turn em did you	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Usher	Usher	29	Father	Mother	Usher have anything to drink yet	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Mother	Target_Child	why do n't you have your meat+loaf	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	29	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have any	no	3	1	trail	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	NONE	NONE	29	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't have broccoli	no	4	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	negative	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		meat+loaf	meat+loaf	29	Father	Father	I think there was a half a meat+loaf in there ya know	no	12	1	question	question	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	29	Mother	Mother	did you have a bath last night	no you did n't have a bath last night	7	9	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		soup	soup	30	Father	Target_Child	is is there is there any soup there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Patricia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	I bet you 're gon ta have twenty five Queen Esthers in the play	no I 'm gon ta get three Queen Esthers	14	9	declarative	declarative	Gleason Theresa	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	50	Father	Target_Child	we we do n't haf ta bring it to the garage	no not yet	11	3	question	declarative	Gleason Theresa	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	Sherry	Sherry	48	Mother	Mother	and what and what did Sherry 's have	no	8	1	question	declarative	Gleason Theresa	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	48	Investigator	Mother	does she have that one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Theresa	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	29	Father	Target_Child	do you have any milk that I could buy	no	9	1	question	declarative	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	27	Mother	Target_Child	do you have dolls like that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Gleason Victor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lady	lady	38	Father	Target_Child	well there is a lady taking her dog for a walk	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	you 're not ready to have that back yet huh	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	that	that	38	Target_Child	Mother	do does that have a spider	no it does n't have a spider in it	6	9	declarative	declarative	Gleason Susan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	38	Target_Child	Mother	it does n't have a spider in it	no there 's no spider in it I think we would get a little bit more out if you blow hard	8	21	declarative	declarative	Gleason Susan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		seat	seat	48	Father	Target_Child	is there an extra seat	no	5	1	question	declarative	Gleason Wanda	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		nickels	nickel	33	Father	Target_Child	are there any more nickels in there	no	7	1	question	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Father	Father	you have it	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		drawer	drawer	32	Mother	Mother	there 's a drawer for money	no not over there	6	4	declarative	declarative	Gleason Richard	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		eggs	egg	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's no more eggs	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Gleason Richard	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	43	Mother	Target_Child	are you having trouble with your tights	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	you need ta have me help you pull them up	no	10	1	question	declarative	Gleason Ursula	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		shop	shop	24	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's the baker 's shop where they sell the bread and the cakes	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Kevin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	24	Brother	Mother	eh can I have it	no do n't kick it	5	5	question	declarative	Howe Lucy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mouse	mouse	24	Mother	Target_Child	there 's mouse	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Lucy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Brother	Target_Child	I have that	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Lucy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	you	you	19	Mother	Mother	you should have an i and a l and a y	no that 's not a y	11	6	declarative	declarative	Howe Nicola	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Oliver	Oliver	24	Mother	Target_Child	Oliver have the monkey	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Oliver	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	is Daddy going to have a birthday	no	7	1	question	declarative	Howe Richard	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	24	Mother	Target_Child	oops there 's not much room for him in there	no	10	1	question	declarative	Howe Sally	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		strawberry	strawberry	24	Mother	Mother	there might be a strawberry on it	no I do n't think there is	7	7	declarative	declarative	Howe Sally	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	have that one	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Eileen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	have this one darling	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Howe Wayne	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	19	Mother	Mother	have your book now	no	4	1	declarative	question	Howe Faye	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	49	Target_Child	Mother	w well he has one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	49	Target_Child	Target_Child	one he has one two three four	no	7	1	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	49	Target_Child	Target_Child	he has three two one three	no no I 'm loco	6	5	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	this	this	46	Target_Child	Mother	does this have monsters in it	no those are not monsters	6	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	I	I	43	Mother	Mother	did n't I have another bag with me a few minutes ago	no wait a minute maybe that was yesterday	12	8	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	44	Investigator	Mother	does he have a favorite book that he 'd like you to read	no	13	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	44	Investigator	Target_Child	we need you to finish the book and then we have a toy play we need ta do	no let me see the dog let me see the dog	18	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	mouse	mouse	45	Mother	Target_Child	did you ever think a mouse would have so much hair to trim	no	13	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	he	he	43	Target_Child	Mother	he now he do n't have he 's not a butterfly no more	no he 's not a caterpillar anymore	13	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	45	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		day	day	45	Mother	Mother	there was once a one day	no	6	1	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	44	Mother	Mother	of course you 're blue you have blue fur	no no Big Bird I mean that I 'm very sad explained Grover	9	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	48	Investigator	Target_Child	do you have a favorite book that you like to look at	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	48	Mother	Target_Child	and he had spikes sticking out everywhere	no this a spike	7	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							43	Target_Child	Target_Child	that 's his	no that 's his silky	3	5	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you have one of these	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	48	Mother	Target_Child	can I have the gum please	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	would you have a stomach ache if you ate all this stuff	no	12	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	he	he	50	Target_Child	Mother	look Ma he do n't have no feet	no he does n't in that does he he 's just moving like magic huh	8	15	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	did n't you have your birthday	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	56	Target_Child	Mother	they did n't have any birthdays	no	6	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	she	not					46	Target_Child	Mother	not her	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	46	Target_Child	Mother	you had two	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	48	Target_Child	Mother	we did n't have fried dough	no	6	1	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	you	you	45	Mother	Mother	you think you should have your winter clothes on	no	9	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have anything else to say to me	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	46	Target_Child	Mother	we had popcorn	no we did n't have popcorn	3	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	46	Mother	Target_Child	did did you have a Coke	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Oyou	Oyou	45	Mother	Target_Child	Oyou had fun huh	no I thought I was in a I thought Johnny was going to walk over me did	4	17	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							43	Mother	Target_Child	that 's yours that you did n't eat	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	50	Sister	Mother	I do have room	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	43	Target_Child	Mother	I 'll just have a little piece	no you do n't eat that much	7	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I just had a little more meat	no	7	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	now can I have ice cream	no you do n't get ice cream until a little after Charlie	6	12	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	48	Mother	Target_Child	it 's nice to just have quiet around here for once	no it 's not	11	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Mother	Mother	because I haf ta have that on	no do n't touch it	7	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	46	Target_Child	Mother	I think I I I had I I had a bowl of soup	no you did n't have a bowl of soup you had what	13	12	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	43	Mother	Target_Child	do you remember a yellow thing that she had	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		corn	corn	43	Brother	Mother	is there any more corn on the cob	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	43	Mother	Father	I have a corn for you if you want	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my	not					45	Target_Child	Mother	not my	no	2	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	no I had a birthday party so I 'm different	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I wan na be five because I just had a birthday	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	43	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta	no my school 's closed today too	3	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Mother	Target_Child	was n't he gon ta have some dinner with us	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	48	Mother	Target_Child	we did n't have meat+loaf again	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	belly	belly	51	Mother	Target_Child	Chi go blow your nose and we 'll see maybe your belly will have more room after that	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Target_Child	one more then go blow your nose and come back and have three more	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	45	Sister	Mother	can I have Fruit Loops	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Sister	Target_Child	tomorrow um you 're gon ta have juice	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	46	Mother	Mother	what did we have Chi	no do n't touch the tape recorder	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							46	Target_Child	Mother	and yours	no my birthday 's already gone	2	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	48	Grandmother	Target_Child	did you have some meat	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	47	Mother	Target_Child	you had two drinks already	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							47	Target_Child	Father	that was in my in my milk	no there 's nothing in your milk	7	7	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		fish	fish	48	Father	Target_Child	there are some fish that do n't eat other fish	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	48	Father	Target_Child	well you ca n't have coffee	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	city	city	48	Father	Target_Child	what happened was the city does n't have as much money	no tell me the rest	11	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	kids	kid	45	Mother	Father	the kids have forks already too	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	can I have something to drink please can I have something to drink	no Sara you cannot because you have n't eaten anything yet	13	11	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	51	Father	Mother	you rather have me stay home	no you can go you can stay home you can go play because I said you could so go on	6	20	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							51	Target_Child	Mother	it 's mine and Sis 's it 's mine	no this is mommy 's	9	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							51	Target_Child	Mother	it 's yours and mine and Sis 's	no it 's mommy 's	8	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	48	Sister	Mother	and you can have it	no I do n't want it	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	48	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have any chair	no I prefer you to come back over here please	6	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	50	Target_Child	Mother	I have a bad cold	no you I think you 're choking on your food a little bit I think you have little	5	18	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lot	lot	50	Mother	Target_Child	there are n't a real lot of wild animals here	no but if we see a whole bunch um I would waked up	10	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	47	Brother	Mother	and can I 've the other leg Mom	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	47	Brother	Mother	can I have a leg	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	47	Brother	Mother	can I have a leg	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							47	Brother	Target_Child	mine	no these are mine	1	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	47	Sister	Mother	I have it	no it was n't	3	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	45	Target_Child	Mother	I could have dessert too	no you gotta eat meat and stuff to have dessert	5	10	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	49	Relative	Target_Child	do you have my spoon	no you can not you you you you do n't need a spoon	5	13	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		cups	cup	46	Mother	Target_Child	there was some cups right here	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	43	Investigator	Target_Child	do you wan na play some more or do you wan na have tea	no	14	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		people	people	43	Target_Child	Mother	I guess there 's not any other people going there	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	50	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na set the table and we 'll have some tea	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	50	Mother	Target_Child	you have no cars do you	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							45	Target_Child	Mother	these are mine	no they 're not	3	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	51	Mother	Target_Child	are you having friends for tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	44	Brother	Target_Child	can I have one of the blues	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Target_Child	Mother	wan na have a cook+out	no we 're gon ta have one by ourselves okay	5	10	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	46	Target_Child	Mother	have this car	no no	3	2	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		coffee	coffee	46	Mother	Target_Child	is there any coffee in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		none	none	46	Mother	Target_Child	no there 's no there 's none missing	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	44	Mother	Target_Child	have yours	no that 's yours	2	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							44	Mother	Target_Child	this one is yours I poured it over here	no I wan na pour it way high	9	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	45	Mother	Target_Child	but she 's pretend so you can have a pretend burp	no you do it	11	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	48	Target_Child	Target_Child	why do they have dogs in school	no the girl go over here	7	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		people	people	48	Sister	Target_Child	but there 's only two more people	no there 's no people in it	7	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		space	space	45	Mother	Target_Child	there 's a space over here	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	ours							46	Target_Child	Mother	ours	no they 're not our toys	1	6	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	we	we	48	Mother	Target_Child	what are we having coffee or something	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	60	Mother	Target_Child	you know how they have a picnic	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	45	Mother	Target_Child	how about having a cup of tea	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		belts	belt	45	Mother	Target_Child	no no Bro let your brother toy all the all the people out the bus and you gotta to make sure you put them in there and when you put them in there there 's seat belts like you do	no I do it	40	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	47	Mother	Target_Child	now do we have all the pieces	no these do n't belong	7	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	52	Mother	Target_Child	may I have my spoon back please	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	52	Target_Child	Mother	I have tubes	no you do n't have tubes	3	6	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		sugar	sugar	52	Mother	Target_Child	now there 's sugar all over the floor	no there 's not because the top was still on it	8	11	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	48	Father	Target_Child	you have a frog in your throat	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	42	Mother	Mother	can I have some tea	no I want some coffee	5	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	51	Target_Child	Mother	I do n't have this one	no you do n't have this one	6	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Mother	have enough room	no they fall down	3	4	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	we	we	47	Mother	Target_Child	wan na set the table and we 'll have supper	no let us play some more	10	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lot	lot	47	Target_Child	Mother	there 's a lot in this	no fix it	6	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	45	Target_Child	Target_Child	you 're having coffee	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		fire	fire	53	Target_Child	Mother	is there fire in here	no that 's make+believe fire	5	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	would you have a stomach ache after eating all	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you have that one at school	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	60	Mother	Mother	that night he had a stomachache	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	56	Mother	Target_Child	you wan na have time+out	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bees	bee	57	Target_Child	Mother	because there 's bees	no th that 's a cocoon	4	6	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	54	Mother	Target_Child	does he have it	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		girls	girl	62	Mother	Mother	are there any other girls in this house asked the grand duke	no said the stepmother	12	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	53	Target_Child	Mother	we had a stomach ache	no we did n't have a stomach ache	5	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	53	Mother	Mother	no we did n't have a stomach ache	no remember	8	2	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Terry	Terry	53	Mother	Target_Child	is there a Terry at your school too	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	57	Father	Mother	but she having a baby	no not that one	5	4	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		mustard	mustard	51	Mother	Target_Child	I did n't put relish on it there 's only mustard and catsup like you wanted	no I saw white stuff on that	16	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		ghost	ghost	59	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's a ghost behind ya	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					57	Sister	Target_Child	that 's not mine is it	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	61	Relative	Mother	Ma can we have juice with our supper	no	8	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		things	thing	49	Sister	Father	that 's the fireworks and she she goes there 's so many um fireworks things that are nearby we were we went all over you know how many fireworks things there were	no that was i that was in New Hampshire	32	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Mother	you have swimming class tonight	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a popsicle after this Mom	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	you wan na have a popsicle	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	you							57	Father	Target_Child	your	no	1	1	interruption	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	they do n't have swings there	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you never had one	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	56	Father	Mother	is there anything still in the oven in the broiler	no did n't I did I fail to turn it off	10	11	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	56	Target_Child	Father	they have toy toys	no this is the movie he man with not it 's not cartoons and it 's not toys it 's actors	4	21	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anybody	anybody	65	Mother	Target_Child	is there anybody there named Mary	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	65	Mother	Target_Child	well you ca n't have your you ca n't ride your bike alone in the street	no you you you can go with me	16	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	61	Target_Child	Mother	then I can have some candy	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		things	thing	49	Sister	Father	that 's the fireworks and she she goes there 's so many um fireworks things that are nearby we were we went all over you know how many fireworks things there were	no that was i that was in New Hampshire	32	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Sister	Target_Child	I have the biggest one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		bread	bread	58	Sister	Mother	is there any more bread	no you did n't eat any of your corn	5	9	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	58	Target_Child	Mother	because I can have a drown	no you wo n't drown	6	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Mother	Target_Child	you gon ta have some of these potato things	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	Chi tell me did you have gym today	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	55	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta eat them	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	when you 're done can I have two Yodels	no you still have some potatoes and meat and a couple vegetables to finish please	9	15	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	59	Target_Child	Mother	may I have some more	no but you can finish the corn and lamb chop	5	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Mother	Mommy do you have do you wan na have turn	no thank you	10	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	oh yeah you having fun	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	68	Mother	Mother	are you having fun miss Sis	no	6	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	oh you did n't have pen time today	no the teacher had lay down	8	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	68	Target_Child	Mother	we have party hats too	no not for valentine 's day valentine 's	5	8	declarative	interruption	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	59	Mother	Target_Child	set it up so we can all have one	no will you have this one	9	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	I	I	51	Mother	Target_Child	so I should just have water	no that 's your coffee	6	5	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	50	Brother	Mother	could I could I have this for a minute	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	56	Mother	Target_Child	can I have five cars	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	54	Mother	Mother	mm this is delicious Chi are you going to have a marshmallow in yours	no	14	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		spots	spot	54	Target_Child	Mother	but there 's no spots on here	no but there there is a dog the same color as a Dalmation	7	13	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	61	Mother	Target_Child	come on let 's have a picnic	no I wan na play with the blocks	7	8	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	fire+engine	fire+engine	56	Mother	Target_Child	do you think that fire+engine that was sitting in front of our house today had a dog	no	17	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	56	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't think they had a dog	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	49	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a salad bar	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Nick	Nick	49	Mother	Target_Child	so does Nick have a real fireman 's hat	no	9	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		one	one	57	Mother	Target_Child	oh there 's a blue one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours	n't					69	Mother	Target_Child	yeah these are n't yours are they	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	wan na have a picnic	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	this	this	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	this has the bridges	no	4	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Target_Child	Mother	no you have some coffee	no you have some	5	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	no you have some	no I have the cup	4	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	54	Mother	Target_Child	can I have it back please	no I 'm using it	6	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	I think you have every single piece do n't you	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	you gotta set the table if you have a tablecloth	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	68	Target_Child	Mother	do you have ear+rings	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	one	one	70	Mother	Target_Child	does this one have that	no	5	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nobody	nobody	71	Target_Child	Mother	nobody here said Baby Bear there 's nobody here	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	68	Brother	Mother	I have them	no you have teeth	3	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		book	book	63	Target_Child	Mother	just one more there 's one more book and that 's it	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	would n't you have a stomachache too	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have ears that big so you could cool yourself off	no	14	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	70	Investigator	Target_Child	have you ever had something scary like that happen to you	no	11	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	she	she	67	Investigator	Target_Child	does she have one of those	no and she throwed it in the back door and the i throw it in the back door	6	18	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	71	Investigator	Target_Child	are you sure you did n't have a bologna sandwich right before going to bed or something like that	no	19	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	68	Investigator	Mother	have you ever had anything scary like that happen to you	no	11	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	this	this	68	Target_Child	Mother	the other kid this does n't have um his name because he 's he um Miss Shine is gon ta give him it tomorrow because the bus almost m left me so that 's why that 's why Miss Shine did n't put his name on it	no I do n't wan na hear that story	47	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	you haf ta	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	67	Investigator	Target_Child	have you had anything like that happen to you Chi	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	63	Mother	Target_Child	do you think it has a magnet inside of it	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		room	room	64	Mother	Mother	get up and see if there 's any room	no wo n't stick	9	4	declarative	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	that	that	64	Mother	Target_Child	does that have anything in it	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	do you have any scissors or something to open this	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		bones	bone	70	Father	Target_Child	there 's no bones in this chicken	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	70	Mother	Father	yes you can have more milk and why do n't you finish your chicken	no you wan na race to go out	14	8	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Target_Child	Mother	yeah bu I 'm gon ta have abracadabra	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	69	Brother	Target_Child	another girl she had a stick and she tickled my feet and I did n't want her to do that and and she hurt and she made me hurt my feet and Chi was just talking to her and Chi was playing with her	no I did n't did that	44	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	when you just have a little of these you can have some of those	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	71	Brother	Father	you have one or more	no I 'll just take half	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	64	Target_Child	Mother	are you having it	no I 'm playing it	4	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	could I have some more chicken could I have the skin	no not that that 's a bone	11	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	Mom could I have more chicken	no you eat your potatoes first	6	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Father	the one that looks like it 's in barbecue sauce is and you have two there do n't you	no I just took one for the moment	19	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	67	Mother	Mother	but you had enough you	no	5	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	that	that	69	Father	Father	it tastes like you know like those mineral waters that have a hint of something	no no no	15	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Brother	Target_Child	you had it	no you	3	2	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	64	Brother	Mother	we have plenty of time	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	71	Target_Child	Father	you have one or more	no I 'll just take half	5	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	roll	roll	68	Target_Child	Mother	yeah because because the roll the roll had lots of chunk	no I just gave you the roll	11	7	interruption	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have any slippers or um costume or anything	no I got to uh	11	5	declarative	trail	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	they	they	68	Target_Child	Mother	but they do n't have the gloves	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	could I have more	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	63	Target_Child	Mother	you said I can have a candy but I changed your mind	no you 've had enough stuff today	12	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	63	Mother	Target_Child	and you can only have it tomorrow if you if you start eating	no	13	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	66	Brother	Mother	somebody did he have any cavities	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	I I I I have three sisters a long long time ago when I was a baby	no you did n't have three sisters when you was a baby	17	12	imperative_emphatic	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	69	Mother	Target_Child	do you know you have a present for your teacher	no I do n't have a present	10	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	69	Father	Mother	is anybody gon ta have any more salad	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	66	Target_Child	Mother	we do n't have that in gym	no not yet you 're too young for that	7	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	67	Target_Child	Mother	do you have two cans of juice like this	no I only have one	9	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	70	Mother	Mother	I do n't know if that tape recorder 's working or not and I forgot because I let you out and mine was brought upstairs I forgot I had one	no no	30	2	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Grandmother	Mother	oh has it	no not now	3	3	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	65	Relative	Mother	you have that same game	no you do n't I 've been in your class+room	5	10	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	66	Target_Child	Mother	did you have um um trouble cutting it	no it just fell apart	8	5	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	can I please have some more milk I 'll get it myself	no that 's alright I 'll get it	12	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	may I please have some more milk	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Sister	Target_Child	had the butter	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	tiger	tiger	67	Target_Child	Target_Child	tiger tiger have hair on the face so that 's	no no	10	2	self	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	70	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you wan na have a picnic Chi	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							70	Target_Child	Target_Child	my	no that was Bro	1	4	self	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	63	Target_Child	Mother	want me to have juice instead you want juice	no I like I like cocoa	9	6	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have a tea party	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	65	Mother	Target_Child	so you do n't wan na have a tea party	no	10	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	68	Target_Child	Target_Child	can I have some please	no	5	1	question	question	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		should	should	we	we	71	Mother	Target_Child	should we have a tea party	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	71	Mother	Target_Child	have some cake	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	71	Brother	Target_Child	I 'll have some cakes	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	66	Target_Child	Mother	do you have powder in your coffee	no	7	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	66	Mother	Target_Child	did you have yours	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		baby	baby	63	Mother	Target_Child	is there a baby	no	4	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	66	Target_Child	Target_Child	do we have anything to take these tusks	no we do n't	8	4	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		's	be	he	he	66	Mother	Target_Child	maybe this little giraffe will wan na go to the zoo because he 's having trouble standing up in the	no this one should go	20	5	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							68	Target_Child	Mother	this one is yours	no that one 's for the dog	4	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	you	you	67	Mother	Mother	you 're having a pickinic	no I 'm at home making dinner	5	7	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		number	number	64	Mother	Target_Child	there 's no real phone number	no tell him his tell me his phone number	6	9	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is	no	there		number	number	64	Mother	Target_Child	I there is no phone number	no tell me his phone number	6	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	68	Mother	Target_Child	here you can have a sip of mine	no all of it	8	4	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	67	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything you want special	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		momma	momma	69	Target_Child	Mother	um is there any zebras momma	no I do n't see a mama zebra	6	8	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	zebras	zebras	71	Mother	Target_Child	okay but do the zebras have a mommy	no	8	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	67	Mother	Target_Child	that 's the end of it you do n't have no more	no	12	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	Crystal	Crystal	67	Target_Child	Mother	bet you Crystal will have more	no I do n't think they do	6	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	he	he	69	Target_Child	Mother	well he does n't have a family either	no the elephant and the tiger	8	6	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	69	Target_Child	Mother	Mom I call somebody and then I said that um I have company so would you call me back later	no why do n't you just call them back later when there 's something you need	20	16	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	64	Mother	Target_Child	do you have those in school	no	6	1	question	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	66	Mother	Target_Child	or you could pretend that dinosaurs are here now and and they have cars could crush the cars	no that 's	18	3	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	71	Target_Child	Target_Child	and I can have this um and that can be filled with the little water	no	15	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	67	Mother	Target_Child	let Mummy have the blue one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	were		there		houses	house	67	Mother	Target_Child	do you think there were houses and people and	no	9	1	trail	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	70	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'll have a name Albert	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	66	Target_Child	Mother	can I ple can I have the rest of your cucumbers	no	11	1	question	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD nan	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		room	room	48	Mother	Target_Child	there may not be room for everything that we have	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Zane	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	belly	belly	51	Mother	Child	Jake go blow your nose and we 'll see maybe your belly will have more room after that	no	18	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	51	Mother	Child	one more then go blow your nose and come back and have three more	no	14	1	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		beak	beak	51	Child	Mother	there 's is his beak	no I do n't think so Jake	5	7	declarative	declarative	HSLLD Connor	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		would	would	cat	cat	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you think a cat would have a twitching nose too	no	11	1	question	declarative	Warren George	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	59	Father	Father	you do n't wan na have a bite do you	no	10	1	question	question	Warren George	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	37	Target_Child	Mother	do you have another tiger	no	5	1	question	declarative	Warren Gina	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	69	Father	Target_Child	well did you have a spray can of paint to paint or	no just a regular paint brush I get everything mixed up if I have spray can	12	16	declarative	declarative	Warren John	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nose	nose	19	Mother	Target_Child	and there 's a nose nose nose nose nose nose nose	no no no	11	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Warren Scott	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	57	Father	Father	you did n't have your room done though did you	no you did n't	10	4	question	declarative	Warren Beth	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	21	Sister	Target_Child	so I can have that one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	you have a sweetie	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Laura	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Grandmother	Target_Child	come and have your nappie changed	no no	6	2	declarative	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	Dad can we have those	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	story	story	42	Father	Target_Child	oh it 's got music as well has it this story	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	58	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a bit	no let Daddy have that one	5	6	question	declarative	Wells Frances	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	21	Child	Target_Child	I 'm having that ginger one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							30	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	yeah I know but you 're not going to have none	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Mother	Target_Child	going to have some milk Gary	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	you 're not having that	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gary	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	you having some	no	3	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	have the pin in this	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	57	Target_Child	Mother	do they have this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Gary	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	39	Mother	Mother	do n't touch anything there 's a good girl	no not on the glass	9	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Sheila	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Child	Child	let me have that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	36	Target_Child	Child	you had the lot	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Martin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Sister	Mother	is n't she allowed to have one of these	no	9	1	question	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	my							24	Target_Child	Mother	my	no you do it once	1	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	30	Mother	Mother	she had a whole piece	no you wo n't	5	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Mother	Target_Child	have that for later	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	33	Sister	Target_Child	can I have a go Abby	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	Abby were going to have a	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Abigail	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	17	Mother	Target_Child	there 's nothing in there	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Simon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	27	Grandmother	Target_Child	you 've had enough of this have n't you	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Simon	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	18	Father	Mother	they did n't have any small ones in there love	no but they had the big ones	10	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Gavin	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	18	Father	Mother	let 's have this cup of tea then	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Nancy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Child	Child	she wo n't let me have the Teddy	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Nancy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Sibling	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Stella	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	39	Target_Child	Target_Child	we both have three	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Stella	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	not	there		room	room	41	Mother	Target_Child	there 's not much room left in the box now	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Stella	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	babies	baby	18	Mother	Mother	well I think babies have sleeps in the afternoons	no my family allowance thing	9	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	I ca n't have any	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some play+dough	no you play with this	5	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Peter	Peter	59	Mother	Target_Child	Peter has the dog	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	59	Mother	Target_Child	we had seven before	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Cloud	Cloud	59	Mother	Mother	is there a Mister Cloud	no there 's a Mister	5	5	question	declarative	Wells Geoffrey	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		eggie	eggie	17	Mother	Mother	there 's an eggie with a	no do n't hold it because you might drop it	6	10	trail	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	17	Mother	Target_Child	come and have your nose wiped	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Benjamin	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	60	Mother	Mother	you 're not having a bath	no you do n't have a bath now daft hapth	6	10	declarative	declarative	Wells Benjamin	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Neil	Neil	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	not Neil have it now	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neil	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Target_Child	Mother	have some of those	no those are for Mummy	4	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I 'm having that	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Mother	is that mine	no	3	1	question	declarative	Wells Gerald	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Target_Child	Mother	have this	no thank you	2	3	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Child	Target_Child	come and have it then	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	35	Mother	Mother	you had the last at lunchtime sweetie	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	must	must	you	you	39	Child	Child	you must n't have that today	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Tony	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	please may I have something	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Tony	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		cheese	cheese	27	Mother	Target_Child	there 's some cheese	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Betty	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	32	Target_Child	Target_Child	my going to have new one next week	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Betty	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	have a look and see	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	33	Mother	Target_Child	soon as he has them on he takes them off	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		bottles	bottle	36	Father	Father	there 'd be nine green bottles standing on the wall	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Neville	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	21	Mother	Child	you going to have your tea	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Mother	Child	have it on	no leave it	3	3	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	24	Child	Target_Child	I have I have a bit more in there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Child	Child	has it	no it 's not	2	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							32	Child	Target_Child	that one 's mine	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		lots	lot	30	Mother	Target_Child	there 's lots	no I 'm not	3	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Child	Target_Child	let me have a talk yeh	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	30	Child	Target_Child	let me have a talk	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	39	Mother	Child	did you have chips at school	no we never have chips at school	6	7	question	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	42	Unidentified	Target_Child	if I bash your nose in you wo n't have no nose and I 'll have six noses	no you wo n't	18	4	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	let me have the ball	no that 's Liza 's	5	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	42	Child	Target_Child	have a race with our boats	no let me have it	6	5	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		blood	blood	42	Target_Child	Target_Child	look there 's blood on my hands	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Darren	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piece	piece	21	Mother	Mother	there 's another piece of paper here	no you	7	2	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		rabbit	rabbit	24	Sibling	Mother	is there a rabbit out	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	30	Sibling	Target_Child	if we do n't have a while I do this	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine	no					30	Target_Child	Mother	no mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Mother	Target_Child	you run upstairs and have a quick wash and clean your teeth	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Harriet	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Olivia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	27	Mother	Target_Child	you 're bound to have something	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							27	Target_Child	Mother	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine	not					33	Target_Child	Mother	not mine	no	2	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		boy	boy	20	Mother	Mother	there 's a good boy	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	23	Mother	Mother	Sean you 're not having no more	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Debbie	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	20	Mother	Target_Child	have we	no	2	1	question	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	they	they	26	Mother	Target_Child	but they 've had none	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		none	none	26	Mother	Target_Child	are there none on the floor	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some tea Mummy	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							38	Child	Target_Child	this is yours	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	41	Mother	Child	you can have one of these biscuits with butter and jam	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							56	Target_Child	Child	it is mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Iris	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		bike	bike	21	Father	Father	there 's a bike	no no	4	2	declarative	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	26	Father	Target_Child	have a Cinzano eh	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	and have my slippers off	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	39	Target_Child	Mother	did you have a nice time	no not really	6	3	question	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	41	Father	Target_Child	you haf ta have Coalman	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jack	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	have	have	you	you	57	Adult	Mother	you have n't had no lettuce yet	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jack	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		girl	girl	23	Father	Target_Child	there 's a good girl	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	26	Mother	Target_Child	you ca n't have another	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	32	Mother	Target_Child	you can have a nice big glass full	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Child	Target_Child	pop pop pop pop pop mine	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Father	Target_Child	you having no bread	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Ellen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							36	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no	1	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Rosie	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	27	Father	Target_Child	daddy have a bite	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							39	Target_Child	Mother	oh is that mine	no that 's Daddy 's	4	5	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		gotta	gotta	you	you	60	Mother	Target_Child	the lady said you gotta have it on	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	60	Target_Child	Mother	have you have you ear+rings in	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	60	Grandmother	Target_Child	you are n't going to have four today Jason	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	60	Target_Child	Mother	you having another one having another one in the bath+room	no	10	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	60	Target_Child	Mother	can I have one chip	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	17	Mother	Mother	you 're not having anything else out of there	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	24	Mother	Target_Child	you going to have some toast	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	26	Child	Target_Child	you having a go on that	no	6	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	30	Target_Child	Child	I 'll have that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	36	Child	Target_Child	do you wan na have another ride Elspeth	no	8	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Child	you having a potato	no	4	1	question	declarative	Wells Elspeth	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		hole	hole	42	Child	Mother	there 's no hole	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Elspeth	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		boy	boy	20	Mother	Mother	there 's a good boy	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Jonathan	Jonathan	23	Target_Child	Mother	Jonathan having chippies and beans and Daddy	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Daddy	Daddy	23	Target_Child	Mother	and Daddy have chippies	no	4	1	trail	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na have your nose wiped Jonathan Philip	no	10	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	do you know what I 've got in the bin that you can have after you 've had your sausages at dinner time	no	23	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	35	Target_Child	Mother	has a little bite	no it has n't got a bite	4	7	declarative	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	41	Mother	Target_Child	did you have a dream	no	5	1	question	declarative	Wells Jonathan	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	55	Mother	Target_Child	you can help by holding all the doors open so that we do n't haf ta put the dustbin	no	19	1	trail	declarative	Wells Jonathan	negative	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	existence	's		there		butter	butter	29	Mother	Mother	uhhuh there 's peanut butter on your glass	no you wan na see Bumpa 's overalls Abe	8	9	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	30	Mother	Target_Child	okay you can have a lick	no you take a lick	6	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	30	Target_Child	Target_Child	please I have a cracker	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	31	Father	Target_Child	you haf ta	no I do n't wan na	3	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	32	Target_Child	Mother	I have one more little big taste again Mom	no I do n't think so Abe	9	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		uhhuh	uhhuh	you	you	33	Target_Child	Mother	uhhuh you having yogurt	no I 'm going to have a small salad	4	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	trees	tree	33	Father	Target_Child	oh well at least the trees still have leaves	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	33	Mother	Target_Child	you have any idea what you 're going to paint	no that 's a sea anemone	10	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Father	Mother	are you going to have some now	no I haf ta do dishes first	7	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	34	Mother	Target_Child	do you wan na put rice on it and have a rice sandwich	no I will dip it	13	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Target_Child	Mother	yeah you have a horn	no I 'm afraid not	5	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	34	Father	Target_Child	thought you said you had a sore foot	no a sore throat	8	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	35	Mother	Target_Child	did they have enough snake to eat	no the the bear said	7	5	question	quotation	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							35	Target_Child	Father	no that 's mine	no it 's mine see	4	5	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		anything	anything	35	Mother	Target_Child	is there anything else in there	no are we getting ready for Christmas	6	7	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	it	it	35	Target_Child	Mother	can we then we uh then it had any enough cake in it	no Abe it 's not a birthday candle	13	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Grandmother	Target_Child	now can I have a kiss goodbye	no I do n't want you to go at work	7	10	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	36	Grandmother	Target_Child	can I have another one	no I 'm a mean cowboy	5	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	37	Father	Target_Child	that 's pretty nifty having a tag on your old gun here	no it 's a new gun	12	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	yours	yours	38	Target_Child	Father	does yours have fur	no I wish they did	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	38	Father	Target_Child	oh it wo n't work if it does n't have holes	no it wo n't work when it do n't has holes in it	11	13	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	we	n't					38	Father	Target_Child	it was n't for us	no it was cold out there	5	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	38	Father	Target_Child	do you wan na have a shootout	no	7	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	38	Mother	Target_Child	you still have a few more to put on	no no can I color it later	9	7	declarative	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	39	Mother	Target_Child	so I do n't haf ta throw it away	no hey you almost did n't know when to stop	9	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	he	he	39	Mother	Target_Child	did he have a long beard too	no and it had a boy	7	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	39	Mother	Target_Child	ca n't you hurt if you do n't have blood	no	10	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		stuff	stuff	39	Father	Target_Child	there 's so much stuff you do n't have enough room in your suitcase	no	14	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	39	Father	Target_Child	oh it even has a hook on it	no Mommy just made the hook	8	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	40	Father	Target_Child	you did n't have snacktime today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	40	Father	Target_Child	did you have a good time while we played softball	no	10	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	40	Father	Target_Child	did it have a point on the front	no yeah yeah I wanted this kind of airplane	8	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	they	they	40	Mother	Target_Child	they did n't have bathtubs	no no um got a policeman	5	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	he	he	40	Father	Target_Child	he did n't have any eyes did he	no and what did he have under his mouth	8	9	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Target_Child	Mother	do you have a cannon	no I do n't even think I 've ever seen a toy cannon	5	13	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	40	Mother	Target_Child	Abe do you still have that shell that you found	no I do	10	3	question	imperative_emphatic	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	40	Target_Child	Mother	can I have this now	no Abe you 're not going to eat any pizza if you keep that up	5	15	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	40	Target_Child	Mother	then I wan na have ten candies	no I 'm afraid not	7	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		milk	milk	41	Father	Target_Child	there 's some milk on the table	no get me some more milk in case I get real thirsty	7	12	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	42	Mother	Target_Child	I thought you already had an ax Abe	no just a wooden ax you know like the Indians	8	10	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	ducks	duck	42	Father	Target_Child	her ducks have wheels	no just Leslie 's ducks have wheels	4	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		milk	milk	42	Father	Target_Child	I doubt if there 's any milk outside	no there is milk outside	8	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	we	we	42	Father	Target_Child	we ca n't have a horse here	no a real horsie	7	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	42	Target_Child	Father	do we have any money yet	no but I get paid tomorrow	6	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	butterflies	butterfly	43	Target_Child	Father	do butterflies have bones	no	4	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	it	it	43	Mother	Target_Child	did it have any fossils in it	no and it was so big we could n't carry it	7	11	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	44	Father	Target_Child	oh it does n't have any paper on it does it	no Mom look it 's a magic picture	11	8	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	we	we	44	Target_Child	Father	did we have any more milk in there	no	8	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							44	Mother	Target_Child	like mine	no	2	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	44	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some gum	no you did n't eat your sandwich	5	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		dinosaurs	dinosaur	46	Father	Target_Child	are there any dinosaurs that are alive	no	7	1	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	46	Father	Target_Child	did you have any good dreams last night	no I did n't have any dreams at all	8	9	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was		there		one	one	46	Father	Target_Child	I thought there was another one	no that 's the only one	6	6	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	they	they	49	Mother	Target_Child	do n't they have a factory where they make bombs	no Mommy this is how it 's gon ta go now	10	11	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	50	Father	Target_Child	okay but you 're going to have a hard time with that one	no I 'll get you with it	13	7	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							51	Target_Child	Father	me mine and Mother 's	no it was somebody who 's coming to our house this Sunday	5	12	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	51	Father	Target_Child	oh you did n't haf ta pay your own money	no I still have it	10	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	54	Target_Child	Father	does n't it have paint on	no that 's plastic	6	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	it	it	56	Father	Target_Child	it did n't have legs	no here it is	5	4	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	56	Mother	Target_Child	did you and Joey have a war today	no we were playing hunting wolfs	8	6	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							57	Father	Target_Child	no here 's yours	no that 's not mine	4	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you rather have a cheese bun	no thank you	7	3	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	guy	guy	57	Target_Child	Father	does that guy have a feather	no he sure does n't does he	6	7	question	question	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	58	Mother	Target_Child	while I 'm having the baby	no no after Mommy has the baby	6	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	58	Mother	Target_Child	do n't you have fun while we 're there	no there 's no fun to do	9	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	58	Target_Child	Mother	uhhuh can I have a cookie Momma	no we 're going to eat dinner	7	7	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	58	Mother	Target_Child	I think we have enough	no we need green material	5	5	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	59	Mother	Target_Child	do you have diarrhea	no I went tee tee	4	5	question	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	59	Mother	Target_Child	he has magical powers	no he does n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Kuczaj Abe	positive	discourse
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
Domain	Function	Head	Negator	Aux	Aux_stem	Subj	Subj_stem	Age	Previous_Role	Role	Previous_Utterance	Utterance	Previous_Sent_len	Sent_len	Previous_Sent_type	Sent_type	Child	Polarity	Level
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	I I brought the lunch but you did n't eat any of your breakfast like you only had the juice and vitamin pill	no I ate some of my oatmeal	23	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		children	child	57	Teacher	Target_Child	are there any children who are absent and do n't have a partner Von	no	14	1	question	declarative	Hall Von	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Target_Child	this mine	no	2	1	question	declarative	Hall Patrick	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	she	she	57	Teacher	Target_Child	she does n't have any money at all	no he got durty he got durty cents	8	8	question	declarative	Hall Patrick	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	we	we	57	Child	Target_Child	I 'll get that yellow that we did n't haf ta put there that play+dough in there and made that play+dough ice cream soda	no	24	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Child	that 's mine	no	3	1	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	have a seat and she 'll give you one	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	pretend I had a broken paw	no pretend I had a broken paw	6	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	no pretend I had a broken paw	no that 's my beret	7	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	could I have just one	no no stealing okay	5	4	question	question	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	just one could I have one	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	what your what your job is okay have a seat	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	this	this	57	Target_Child	Mother	and this has hundred pieces	no this one has sixty pieces and it 's much easier for you to do	5	15	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	57	Mother	Target_Child	no this one has sixty pieces and it 's much easier for you to do	no no	15	2	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	oh I have an interestinger one	no you haf ta leave them there	6	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	that 's a that 's a good wah no you have one too many strokes on there	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	could I have that	no do n't do that from there	4	7	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Target_Child	no it 's mine	no it 's mine	4	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	you wan na have buck teeth you just got one	no	10	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a beard	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	do you have a moustache	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Target_Child	when you grow up you 're gon ta have one	no	10	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Matthew	Matthew	57	Father	Target_Child	Matthew have a little spinach	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		lot	lot	57	Mother	Mother	it seems to me that there are a lot of ah you know colleges with performing arts' programs to protest about this	no	22	1	question	question	Hall Matthew	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	57	Target_Child	Mother	know what she had yesterday	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	last year I bought em now dey have another pair and somebody might take them	no they have lots of shoes at the shoe store	15	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	if you do n't let me have any more I can break up your train tracks	no	16	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	we	we	57	Target_Child	Child	if I sleep up here and you sleep down here we will have no problems fighting we	no wo n't have it	17	5	trail	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	will you come to the restaurant to have something to heat	no I 'm Danny	11	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I have my car	no no Chris is	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Child	Target_Child	that one 's mine	no no you no you haf ta go around like dis and you go ri like that and I go like this	4	22	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I mean hey did the doctor say I can have orange juice now	no you could n't have orange juice	13	7	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	because it you said jello I ca n't have	no you can have it	9	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you did n't have any rest time or nap time at all	no	12	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	that 's alright I still do n't haf ta pick them up	no that lobster was that was the lobster that was useta be alive somebody killed it	12	16	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	do you have one for that guy	no Graeme Graeme is not eating with us	7	8	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	an and I do n't have them	no when yours fall out then you 'll be about seven	7	11	declarative	declarative	Hall Robert	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		stuff	stuff	57	Target_Child	Mother	how come is there any white s stuff	no this there 's no vanilla this is n't vanilla fudge	8	11	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	do you have my favorite dra dressing salad	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Robert	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	ah the thing is you 're going to have my son taping on oh ah you 'll be hearing him	no he 's not just Todd	20	6	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	57	Investigator	Mother	no there 's nothing to hear	no Graeme is going to do the listening	6	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Child	Todd said I 'm gon ta have one more	no I have more than you	9	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	go back there and have a secret meeting	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	you	you	57	Brother	Target_Child	then yes you 'll have that one	no no	7	2	declarative	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	57	Father	Father	do we have any pop left	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		aekee	aekee	aekee	aekee	57	Brother	Father	ewoo acki aekee have this	no not tonight	5	3	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have these batteries	no yeah the batteries	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Todd	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							57	Target_Child	Mother	his	no	1	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	you haf ta	no I do n't you know	3	6	imperative_emphatic	trail	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	can I have this	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	may I have a taste of water	no it 's only for me	7	6	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	Zoie can I have the bottle	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	we							57	Child	Target_Child	us there	no	2	1	question	declarative	Hall Zoe	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	57	Sister	Target_Child	can you have your sweater on	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	I	I	57	Teacher	Target_Child	or do I haf ta	no	5	1	trail	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Adult	Child	you have a little more to go	no I 'm	7	3	declarative	trail	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		spos	spo	57	Adult	Mother	you know there 's spos ta be snow flurries tonight	no I did n't know that	10	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have a lollipop	no the corn 's not finished	5	6	question	declarative	Hall Chris	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	we	we	57	Father	Mother	we do n't have any more mustard	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Chris	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Brother	Mother	mommy right now wish you had a and turned the trees up	no	12	1	trail	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	you have a scissors in the sand box	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	you 'll have a turn	no it 's going it 's going straight to house	5	10	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		plenty	plenty	57	Teacher	Target_Child	you can play you can share it there 's plenty there	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		David	David	57	Teacher	Child	there 's so many David	no do n't do it	5	5	declarative	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	I have this and this are going down	no it does n't matter at all	8	7	declarative	trail	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	ya	ya	57	Adult	Mother	do ya have a problem	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall David	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Child	some half a mine	no me and derrick do n't have none	4	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	that	that	57	Mother	Mother	that does n't haf ta be plugged in in any place or anything	no	13	1	question	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	mhm you have a cricket	no it 's his	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Brother	Mother	I have a snack	no you eat the cereal	4	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's	no	there		sugar	sugar	57	Investigator	Target_Child	there 's no sugar	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Michael	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Brian	Brian	57	Target_Child	Child	Brian have like dat I on copy cat	no I put mines up so Brian copy me	8	9	declarative	declarative	Hall Michael	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Brother	Target_Child	Remi you have face cloth	no I 'm bringing this	5	5	question	trail	Hall Remi	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	NONE	NONE	57	Brother	Mother	did n't have school down there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Remi	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Mother	I do n't have change for a dollar but I could give him a dollar if	no I have a dollar	16	5	trail	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		've	have	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you 've never had them now were going over to the park and you can show Carl how you go down the big slide	no	24	1	declarative	trail	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I have a one two three four five	no you only have three	8	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	no you only have three	no I have a	5	4	declarative	trail	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Target_Child	do you still have the microphone	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		Kip	Kip	57	Teacher	Target_Child	is there any water there Kip	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	everyone	everyone	57	Mother	Target_Child	I think everyone has one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	everyone	everyone	57	Mother	Target_Child	does everyone have a cup	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	we	we	57	Adult	Child	do we have anymore pencils here	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		piece	piece	57	Target_Child	Mother	but there 's only one piece	no that 's not the paper	6	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	57	Brother	Mother	does he have a bush	no you 're talking about a very young boy	5	9	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	did they have their clothes on	no their coats	6	3	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		nothing	nothing	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	it looks very nice there 's nothing wrong with it	no it 's just that it has this stuff on it and I know why so that means there 's there 's something wrong	10	24	declarative	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	we	we	57	Target_Child	Mother	we 're having mommy too	no we 're not having mommy too	5	7	question	declarative	Hall Kip	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	they	they	57	Investigator	Target_Child	and they ca n't have any	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Kip	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Child	too mine	no you 're not	2	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	did you have your eyes open while you were asleep	no	10	1	question	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	have spinach to day in school	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Roland	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							57	Target_Child	Target_Child	yours	no I 'm in	1	4	question	declarative	Hall Ronald	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Mother	suppose to have lotion at school	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Lynette	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Target_Child	it 's a light green one because I have two of them	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Lynette	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Investigator	Child	do you have matches	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Trina	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		hole	hole	57	Target_Child	Mother	see there 's a little hole there	no that 's not where they live	7	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	57	Child	Child	the main thing we just have the gun facing the robbers up there	no sometimes they have hats like this	13	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		are	be	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	are n't you having any	no I had some last night	5	6	question	declarative	Hall Kayode	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Father	I just had lunch not too long ago	no you ate lunch when we got back right	8	9	declarative	question	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	existence	was	no	there		skoowuhl	skoowuhl	57	Target_Child	Mother	yesterday was there was no skoowuhl	no yesterday was when you had the party	6	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Adult	Mother	oh you had a party too	no you 're not having no party at school	6	9	question	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	no you 're not having no party at school	no I said after	9	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	57	Mother	Target_Child	he has a name	no I du no I dus said	4	7	declarative	quotation	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I have one two three	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	we	we	57	Child	Child	we haf ta cross	no we haf ta cross on this line	4	8	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I have five two you gimme one	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	okay I thought it had double red	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	that means you do n't have double purple	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tony	negative	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		battery	battery	57	Target_Child	Father	is there a battery in the engine	no there 's a spring in there	7	7	question	declarative	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Father	daddy you still have more pieces of	no you could pick up the rest I was just giving you a little hand there you know you do your own cleaning up in here	7	26	trail	question	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	he	he	57	Mother	Target_Child	he has a different one does n't he	no he	8	2	question	trail	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	his	he	57	Target_Child	Father	his has a little	no they bought it	4	4	declarative	trail	Hall Tony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	can I have this	no I 'm playing	4	4	question	declarative	Hall Anthony	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	57	Child	Target_Child	they have it this a way	no they do n't because I seent the fireman	6	9	declarative	declarative	Hall Anthony	positive	discourse
perception	existence	are		there		junkies	junky	57	Investigator	Mother	to the best of your knowledge are there any any junkies around here that might try and	no	17	1	trail	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	kah	kah	57	Target_Child	Child	kah have some Michael	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Child	Target_Child	it gon be mine right here	no its not	6	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	could I have some	no not till after you eat	4	6	question	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
perception	existence	be		there		life	life	57	Investigator	Target_Child	there might be a little life left in some of them	no	11	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Derwood	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it does n't have two voices	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Jason	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Brother	Target_Child	mine the basement	no yours is in the garage	3	6	imperative_emphatic	trail	Hall Jason	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	okay can I have that	no I do the plates	5	5	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		may	may	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	may may I have it Bobby	no first I haf ta wet it	6	7	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'm	be	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	I 'm having that one	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	now you haf ta	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	did	do	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	oh you did n't have a snack at school huh	no	10	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I do n't haf ta put this on	no not tonight	8	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	Bess	Bess	57	Investigator	Target_Child	does does beautiful Bess have any clothes	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Father	to to to you know just go ahead and let him have his way or	no	15	1	trail	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have some coffee	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Brother	Mother	do you have anything else with your pitcher on it	no	10	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Brother	Target_Child	I 'm an Macdonald and I had a farm	no	9	1	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Brother	Target_Child	I have a dollar ninety nine	no I got a dollar	6	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Mother	that golden key 's mine	no that 's not golden key	5	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	this	this	57	Investigator	Target_Child	this has James' name on it	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	did he think I had two hundred and thirty four dollars	no	11	1	question	declarative	Hall Bobby	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	57	Father	Father	uh she has this recording on and the recording she does n't haf ta have any wiring connected to her at all	no	22	1	question	question	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	i	57	Sister	Mother	I do n't have a nickname do I	no you do n't have a nickname	8	7	question	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I do n't haf ta get up early	no not on that side on this side	8	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	everybody	everybody	57	Teacher	Target_Child	everybody have popcorn	no	3	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Child	this is empty so you do n't haf ta worry	no I better leave my bag here	10	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	57	Target_Child	Child	no because she already had a patient done	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Target_Child	mine	no mommy can I have this	1	6	declarative	question	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	're	be	we	we	57	Mother	Target_Child	we 're not having salad	no let me take those salad bowls	5	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Investigator	Target_Child	uh mine to uh have and to hold as they say	no I mean to pit in your pocket	11	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Father	Target_Child	have another piece of chicken now someone got to eat up all this chicken here	no no	15	2	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	he							57	Brother	Mother	that 's his	no he has his	3	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	not	'm	be	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	I 'm not having seconds	no thank you	5	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a squirrel in your pocket	no	10	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Sister	Mother	mm mommy do you have a a ten	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Sister	Mother	mommy do you have a seven	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	she	she	57	Sister	Target_Child	Jeffery go see if she has one	no you 're not gon ta see	7	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Sister	Mother	mommy do you have an eight	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Sister	Mother	mommy do you have an eight	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	um mommy do you have a four	no	7	1	question	declarative	Hall Mia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	57	Child	Child	did you have a dodo today	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I 'll let you have your headband back	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		burglar	burglar	57	Target_Child	Child	father fahdur mother there 's a burglar	no	7	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Ben	Ben	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	Ben has a no	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	57	Investigator	Target_Child	does it have any u in it	no it just has little tomotatos and things	7	8	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		snoopy	snoopy	57	Investigator	Mother	is n't there a snoopy in there	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Investigator	Target_Child	is that the only reason for having a soul	no	9	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	it has reason	no no	3	2	question	declarative	Hall Tracy	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	I know that 's what I 'm making you for lunch but how about having some breakfast	no	17	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	57	Target_Child	Mother	does it have any fruit	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		lot	lot	57	Target_Child	Mother	is there a lot of snow	no not too much	6	4	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Unidentified	Target_Child	can I go with you to school so I could have lunch	no	12	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Child	I I have a two	no that 's one	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Child	Target_Child	and you have three and I 've four and I 've five and	no I have I 'm four	13	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	I haf ta have one of those	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Teacher	Target_Child	do you have a cherry	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Target_Child	do have a star	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Child	I have another one okay put it here	no here	8	2	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I 'll have Steven 's sausage	no I do n't any	6	5	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	daddy	daddy	57	Grandmother	Father	it 's butter your daddy just had butter on it	no it was cream	10	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	finish your fish and then you have corn	no	8	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Grandmother	Target_Child	you have a program on at this hour	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Grandmother	Father	this is once before you had that problem right	no no no	9	3	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		rubber	rubber	57	Target_Child	Father	well is there any rubber	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	girls	girl	57	Target_Child	Mother	I know what you mean girls have penises and boys have va vaginas	no they do n't you have it backwards	13	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	he 's going to have milk and cookies in two minutes	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	Steve let 's just have a few more throws and then we 'll go out	no not a few more	15	5	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I have a feeling	no you 're not	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Steven	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	ca	can	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	you ca n't have it	no no I just wan na take some change	5	9	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	57	Mother	Target_Child	he only had ten dollars	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you can have the rest of duh change	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Mother	these are mine	no that 's my change	3	5	question	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	all	all	57	Teacher	Child	do all of you have your own cricket	no	8	1	question	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	oh you have an extra plate there	no I dim a dis is rice	7	7	question	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		fishes	fish	57	Child	Child	there 's fishes	no it 's not	3	4	imperative_emphatic	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	mine							57	Target_Child	Target_Child	daetz mine	no	2	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Father	Mother	you do n't have	no I wan na check it because I do n't want it to burn	4	14	trail	declarative	Hall Karen	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	have this in the morning	no	5	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Target_Child	den I have big muscles and you could beat me up	no I could	11	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Karen	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	54	Adult	Target_Child	oh you have on a dress	no it 's not a dress it 's a skirt	6	10	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Child	Karen can I have one	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	54	Target_Child	Child	can I have one	no	4	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		will	will	you	you	54	Child	Child	will you have some ice+cream	no just had breakfast	5	4	question	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		is	be	everyone	everyone	54	Teacher	Target_Child	Samantha why are n't you sitting down while everyone else is having their milk	no	14	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		something	something	54	Target_Child	Target_Child	there 's something on my heel too	no it does n't matter	7	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	but I do n't have an antenna	no you do n't have an antenna	7	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	54	Mother	Target_Child	no you do n't have an antenna	no ah nah nurt duh du uh duh	7	8	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	54	Target_Child	Mother	mommy do you remember know what I had when you take duh thing and you push them in then take them out	no not today eat the apple regular	22	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							54	Target_Child	Target_Child	right and that 's yours	no this is mine	5	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	54	Mother	Target_Child	oh they they have ways of putting a door back up	no	11	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Samantha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Father	you had a bike with um like that right	no my front wheel was really not that big	9	9	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		have	have	you	you	57	Teacher	Child	have you had some already	no	5	1	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have any cookies	no I just got a new supply of cookies but the please	5	12	question	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	would you like to have a glass of juice	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							57	Brother	Target_Child	no it 's yours	no it ai n't	4	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Mother	Mother	I have I forgot I have orange sherbet	no I 'm not gon ta make orange sherbet tonight	8	10	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	I uh I 'll have a donut and eat it up now	no	12	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Dexter	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Child	Child	yes you just have five minutes	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Child	Target_Child	first you let me have the walkie talkie	no	8	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	57	Adult	Father	you want it you can have it the faster da pass	no you can have it	11	5	question	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Father	Target_Child	I have enough of them	no	5	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Summer	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	I	I	57	Investigator	Father	I gotta bring your money I do n't have it with me tonight	no	13	1	trail	declarative	Hall Summer	negative	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		eye	eye	57	Investigator	Target_Child	maybe there 's the other eye on the back	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	existence	is		there		book	book	57	Teacher	Child	is there a book up there	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Child	I have that one	no	4	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	you	you	57	Father	Target_Child	you 'll probably have your tool kit before then	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		'll	will	I	I	57	Target_Child	Father	okay I 'll take it ah I 'll have the one that you got	no I 'll I 'll wait	14	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you 're hungry to day because you had no snack huh	no I had some at school	11	6	question	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	no I had some at school	no I mean when you came home	6	7	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't haf ta give it to him if you do n't wan na you know	no no I mean know what he always says	17	9	declarative	question	Hall Joey	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	one	one	57	Mother	Target_Child	that one has all different ones in	no I like this different	7	5	declarative	trail	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	let 's have a different one	no	6	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	existence	's		there		Oscar	Oscar	57	Mother	Target_Child	and the airplane yeah so anyway there 's Oscar looking up into the sky and boom he walks right smack into	no not Oscar	21	3	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Joey	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you do n't have a black eye	no	7	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		do	do	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	yeah except that the scarf is gray do you have the scarf in school	no	14	1	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		could	could	I	I	57	Child	Target_Child	where 's my hey could I have a taste	no	9	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	he	he	57	Child	Target_Child	he have a you 're yucky Gabriella	no I 'm not	7	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	Bernice	Bernice	57	Investigator	Target_Child	you can come back here in a little while but Bernice has something interesting to show you	no	17	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Target_Child	Child	you had a turn	no she had a another	4	5	declarative	trail	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	we	we	57	Teacher	Target_Child	well we can have Steven have a turn too we 're all gon ta have a turn because we 're gon ta need a lot of shakes	no it 's Steven 's	27	5	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Child	have a taste	no were finished	3	3	imperative_emphatic	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Target_Child	Mother	you wan na have a taste	no	6	1	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	other	other	57	Mother	Target_Child	did the other have salt in it	no	7	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	but that 's not fair Gabriella because you have it	no we 're playing a game	10	6	trail	imperative_emphatic	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	you can have my stuff if you want	no I love mine	8	4	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	wo	will	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	okay well sit up and then you wo n't have the shadow	no I mean duh shadow on my toast I do n't want	12	12	declarative	declarative	Hall Gabriel	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		did	do	you	you	57	Target_Child	Mother	did you have speedy	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	they	they	57	Mother	Target_Child	let 's see they had mister buster	no I do n't mean duhm buh	7	7	trail	trail	Hall Gabriel	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	you	you	57	Sister	Child	Tracy you have homework	no	4	1	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	mother	mother	57	Sister	Mother	my mother has all those patatas in there for just for me	no not really	12	3	declarative	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	I	I	57	Target_Child	Mother	can I have one these	no you may not have one	5	6	question	declarative	Hall Brett	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	I	I	57	Child	Child	and I have somebody kai see something for a minute	no	10	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	yours							57	Target_Child	Child	dis yours	no I 'm wearing look what I got	2	8	question	declarative	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		was	be	I	I	57	Investigator	Target_Child	I was having a lot problems	no	6	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Keisha	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have	n't	does	do	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	no but it does n't have any sharp edges does it	no	11	1	question	declarative	Hall Julia	negative	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Teacher	Child	have a seat	no	3	1	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Target_Child	well you 're gon ta have cookies	no I 'm not	7	4	declarative	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		would	would	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	would n't you rather have ketchup	no	6	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		does	do	it	it	57	Mother	Target_Child	does it have any eyes	no	5	1	question	imperative_emphatic	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		're	be	they	they	57	Father	Mother	they 're having half a day of school then	no	9	1	trail	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		can	can	you	you	57	Mother	Target_Child	aw one more spoon and then you can have one of those cookies that you bought	no	16	1	declarative	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
perception	possession	have		NONE	NONE	NONE	NONE	57	Mother	Father	let daddy have a one pick	no I do not want any	6	6	declarative	declarative	Hall Julia	positive	discourse
